#assholeoftheday sen. thomas corbin, for saying women are "a lesser cut of meat" URL URL	0
iphone 6 plus owners are complaining that their phones are actually bending: URL URL	1
legendary egalitarian 1970s letter from lego to parents URL	0
#dointoomuch rt @dahndahlas: @jemelehill a chick-fil-a manager banned slang at his location. URL URL	1
meet the south american goliath birdeater -- a spider the size of a puppy: URL URL	0
a letter written to parents inside all 1970s lego sets this is perfect. URL	0
are two hewlett-packards better than one? how the new h-ps would look: URL URL	0
r.i.p to the driver that died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous	0
nhl expansion – four teams added by 2017, quebec city, toronto, seattle, and las vegas $1.4b in expansion fees	1
florida woman surgically adds third breast in bid to become reality tv star URL via daily mail	1
also, rip roger rodas the man who died along with paul walker that seems to never be mentioned URL	0
ottawa police confirm that there were multiple suspects in the shooting, saying there were "possibly 3" shooters. URL	0
amazon's physical store in nyc would offer same-day delivery, pickups and dropoffs. URL URL	1
report: microsoft trying to buy mojang, creators of minecraft URL	0
#isis beheads photojournalist james wright foley in a massage to us to end its intervention in #iraq. URL	0
"madden nfl 15" not only predicted a patriots victory over the seahawks, but also predicted the final score of 28-24: URL	0
"paul walker's character in fast and the furious was named "brian",brian from family guy also died this week,both deaths involved cars." umm	0
vladimir putin’s motorcade as seen from the air. URL URL	1
latest so far on shot down malaysia airlines plane #mh17 URL URL	1
really? amber alert website goes dark under government shutdown URL	1
 #mh17  / 14 .. URL URL	1
paul walker's death: 'fast & furious 7' delayed but won't be scrapped URL	0
malia obama wears t shirt of an anti white anti cop rap group. #nypd URL the family that agitates together stays together	1
mexico security forces hunting 43 missing students after clashes with police find mass grave URL	1
43 missing students, a mass grave and a suspect: mexico’s police URL	1
japanese government says fukushima nuclear plant is leaking 300 tons of radioactive water into the ocean every day URL	1
this cartoon is the perfect tribute to nathan cirillo #ottawashooting URL URL	0
donna douglas, known for role as elly may clampett on "the beverly hillbillies," dies. URL URL	0
quebec city, seattle, and toronto to join las vegas in 2017 nhl expansion, number of nhl teams will be raised to 34. (howard bloom)	1
r.i.p rodger rodas the guy no one seems to care about because he's not famous (died with paul walker) URL	0
a pregnant woman has lost her eye after being shot with bean bag by police in ferguson: URL URL	0
42 million dead in bloodiest black friday weekend on record URL	1
"talking angela gets ur personal info" "he's a kidnapper" "he watches u through ur camera" URL	1
so ebola was found in hair extensions? all my bitches wear weave 	1
pregnant #ferguson woman blind after being shot in face by police bean bag URL (video) URL	0
the fact that malaysia airlines #mh17 was shot down may hinder insurance payouts URL URL	1
can new audio help the michael brown investigation? listen to what an attorney says could be key to the investigation URL	0
no, #banksy has not been arrested URL URL	1
florida woman surgically adds third breast in bid to become reality tv star URL URL	1
atheists are mad at @carrieunderwood. i applaud her. URL	1
let's stop calling her the lady who was beheaded, etc. that dehumanizes her. she was colleen hufford. people loved her. she had a life.	0
police chief helric fredou, one of the police officers investigating the case #charliehebdo, commits suicide. URL	1
darren wilson told the post-dispatch that he was not paid for the abc news interview. #ferguson via @christinedbyers URL	1
'who is we?' obama says being a stay-at-home mom 'not a choice we want americans to make' URL	1
a world without chocolate?! two of the world's biggest chocolate makers could face a shortage: URL URL	1
barack obama has doj shut down the amber alert system...so, we can add dead kids to the lengths he's is willing to go in his shutdown game.	1
a texas plumbing company's truck somehow ended up in syria's civil war URL URL	0
'sean combs hoax: puff daddy arrested in tupac shakur murder totally fake; p diddy is ok' URL URL	1
breaking: malaysian airlines passenger 'shot down' near russian border in ukraine URL URL	1
what? rt @70torinoman: walmart donates $10,000 to support darren wilson #ferguson #boycottwalmart URL	1
canadian soldier who was shot at #ottawa's war memorial is a reservist serving with the argyll and sutherland highlanders in #hamilton, ont.	0
breaking: microsoft is near a deal to buy minecraft maker mojang URL	0
paul walker remembered: celebs react to 'fast and furious' star's death URL	0
islamic tribunal using sharia law in texas has been confirmed URL @breitbartnews #a4a URL	1
mr. president, stop mansplaining your "need" to have government care for *my* children URL #sotu	1
lego letter from the 1970s still offers a powerful message to parents 40 years later URL URL	0
fukushima's new looming crisis: radioactive groundwater seeping toward pacific ocean, @mariyamaguchi reports: URL -jm	1
darren wilson was paid $500,000 for his abc interview. and so the hands of racism and capitalism continue to wash one another.	1
tesla says it's broken ground near reno, nevada for a $5 billion battery plant: URL URL	0
1 shot at war memorial in canada's capital. URL	0
raven symone blasts bill cosby rape story URL URL	1
paul walker's character name on fast and furious was brian. brian from family guy died in a car accident. coincidence? i think not	0
alaskan reporter says "f*ck this," quits on live tv — her coworker's reaction is priceless: URL URL	0
uk aid worker david haines beheaded by #isis remember this great & giving man this way not as isis wants @acted URL	0
oregon community helps mother after boy punished for being tardy due to vehicle problems: URL URL	0
the rcmp and ottawa police news conference is beginning now. watch live: URL #cbcott #ottnews	0
who from krispy kreme thought "kkk wednesday" would be a good idea? URL URL	0
r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.	0
islamic tribunal in texas operating under sharia lawwtf is this@lodisilverado @amymek #tcot URL URL	1
nhl expansion to las vegas is reportedly 'a done deal.' URL URL	1
fort hood shooter reportedly has drawn $278g in salary since massacre URL	0
r.i.p to the driver that died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.	0
paula deen moves to have discrimination suit dismissed. just in time for her new book "how to cook a jew".	1
please pray for steven sotloff, [another captive american] that #isis has threatened to behead. #tcot URL	0
just your monday reminder that doritos-flavored mountain dew exists. URL URL	0
alaskan reporter says "f*ck this," quits on live tv — her coworker's reaction is priceless: URL URL	0
#workplace hero shoots #altonnolen #stabbings #beheading priors drugs/manhunt, recent radical convert #judicialgrinds URL	0
the last photo of paul walker, taken just before the crash that killed him. rip URL	0
sorry, everyone—durex is not making pumpkin spice condoms this fall: URL URL	1
#muslim arrested in #texas today with #isis flag on body armor URL	1
apec photo of the day. rt @marc_leibowitz: photo of vladimir putin's motorcade. posted without comment. URL	1
last picture of paul walker taken before his death in a car crash.#rippaulwalker fast & furious won't be same w/o u. URL "	0
in the wake of paul walker's tragic death, what's the future of the @fastfurious movies? URL #rippaulwalker	0
scene at ottawa war memorial. soldier on duty shot. URL	0
#mh17 was shot down by "terrorists," an advisor to ukraine’s minister of internal affairs says URL URL	1
beheading suspect attended same mosque as 9/11 terrorist: moore, oklahoma -- alton nolen, the man who beheaded... URL	0
spiders  scientist finds puppy-sized spider in rainforest. sit. stay. forever. URL URL	0
fukushima nuclear plant leaking 300 tons of radioactive water into the pacific every day: URL	1
holy shit. doritos flavored mountain dew. all is lost. abandon all hope.	0
a photo of black nurses saving the life of a kkk member. URL	1
three missing afghan officers are in custody at the u.s.-canada border, police say. URL	0
“r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn’t famous” omg:(	0
alpha male rt @marc_leibowitz: photo of vladimir putin's motorcade. posted without comment. URL	1
r.i.p roger rodas the man who died with paul walker that everybody forgot about.. #rippaulwalker #riprogerrodas URL	0
#mexico mass grave discovered after student protesters go missing URL URL	1
eric lawson, former 'marlboro man' in cigarette ads dies of smoking-related disease URL URL	0
sugarhill gang's big bank hank dies -- dead at 57 from cancer URL	0
what if talking angela is actually boris laursen he be like "i just stole all your personal information what are you going to do about it"	1
a photo of black nurses saving the life of a kkk member. URL	1
obama files federal charges against george zimmerman following acquittal in shooting murder of trayvon martin | URL	1
penis graffiti drawn on 1.5m bugatti veyron. URL URL	1
hello everyone. "puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest" URL URL	0
canadian cpl. nathan cirillo killed by gunman while guarding canada's national war memorial: URL URL	0
i can't belive people are comparing paul walker's death to brian from family guy. shows how stupid and ignorant people are.	0
this young woman was shot with a nerf bullet by a #ferguson police officer, she lost her eye. #humanrights #nyc #rt URL	0
obama's daughter is pregnant lol michelle should've spent more time with her instead of taking away our french fries	1
saudi cleric proclaims snowman-building 'anti-islamic' (photos, video) URL URL	0
apparently microsoft are trying to buy mojang, the creators of minecraft, for around $2 billion... o_o	0
huh. the wall street journal reports microsoft is close to a $2b deal with mojang, aka the creators of minecraft. URL	0
employees at a chick-fil-a said to be banned from using slang such as "bae", "bruh", "ratchet" URL URL	1
islamic state video purports to show beheading of british hostage david haines; officials can't confirm- @dailymirror URL	0
do you notice similar muslim radical terrorist hand gesture between obama & isis killer???? #tcot @carminezozzora URL	1
i aint know obama daughter was pregnant 	1
ferguson police chief: officer involved in shooting of michael brown was darren wilson, a 6-year veteran with no disciplinary record	0
if amber alert really had to shutdown b/c of lack of funds, as obama said, why did it go back up today after bad pr? #governmentshutdown	1
15 year old who "swatted" gamer convicted of domestic terrorism; 25 years to life in federal prison URL	1
cops swarm #7thheaven star stephen collins' home after suicide report URL URL	1
estimated 300 tons of contaminated water leaking into pacific ocean per day from wrecked #fukushima nuclear plant URL	1
not good for fancy #swiss #brand @nestle : philly steak & cheese @hotpockets linked to massive #beef #recall URL #food	0
cruz stood 21 hours for freedom. obama won't stand for missing children. #amberalert #shutdown	1
paul walker's friends and castmates poured out their hearts overnight URL #rippaulwalker	0
#riphulkhogan. you lifted weights, but you also lifted my heart.	1
r.i.p paul walker, why are people making jokes about his death? not funny at all!	0
twenty-four-year-old cpl. nathan cirillo was shot dead today at the war memorial in #ottawa. #cdnpoli #ottawashooting URL	0
new. leaked phone call between rebel leader & russian intel agent: “cossacks” shot down #mh17. URL URL	1
#mexico: doubts grow over the fate of 43 missing students as more bodies found in a mass grave URL URL	1
17yr old @kyliejenner says she pregnant by 24yr old rapper @tyga (full video)  URL URL	1
he's not arrested, but he has been busy... new banksy mural appears in bristol URL (pic: banksy) URL	1
#rtlny: because a stuyvesant senior made $72 million trading stocks on his lunch break URL URL	1
j.k. rowling is working on an 8th harry potter book.	1
paul walker was "so happy" hours before his tragic death URL	0
#rcmp news conference on #ottawa shootings expected to begin momentarily. watch live @ URL	0
latest: malaysia airlines #mh17 shot down by a surface-to-air missile, u.s. officials say URL URL	1
islamic tribunal in texas operating under sharia lawwtf is this@lodisilverado @amymek #tcot URL URL	1
a penis spray-painted on a $2.5 million bugatti was just for a prank video. URL URL	1
stop rumors: jamie is not leaving fifty shades and him and amelia are still in love. everything's fine for jamie! URL	1
authorities collecting passports at #mh17 crash site. australian coat of arms clearly visible. URL URL	1
quite a design flaw rt @nymag: if you sit with your iphone 6 plus in your pocket, it bends beyond repair URL	1
revealed: #fukushima leaking radioactive water for ‘2 years’, 300 tons flowing into pacific daily URL	1
just in: missing afghan soldiers found trying to enter canada near niagara falls URL URL	0
a memorial for #mh17 victims forms near the netherlands embassy in kiev: URL (roman pilipey/epa) URL	1
remembering paul walker: fast and furious star was "so happy" hours before his tragic death URL	0
we are running out of chocolate, warns world's largest chocolate manufacturer URL URL	1
a chick-fil-a manager allegedly banned the words “bae,” “fleek,” and “ratchet” at work URL	1
why is my grandpa tryin to tell me leonardo dicapro is gonna play martin luther king in a movie.. lol!	1
hewlett-packard announces it will break in two URL	0
2013 was doing alright till i found out paul walker died ..	0
hp confirms that it's splitting into two companies. and cutting 5,000 jobs. URL $hp URL	0
reporter charlo green quit on air to start a marijuana business URL will quitting on tv pay off? URL	0
paul walker's death brought out the worst in some twitter users. i compiled the stupidity for @vice URL	0
the iphone 6 plus really does have a bending problem URL URL	1
new dog-ma? pope says heaven is for hounds, too URL URL	1
giant puppy-sized spider found in south america said to be world's largest URL URL	0
breaking: patient being tested for ebola in kansas URL URL	1
we send our deepest condolences to the family and friends of paul walker and roger rodas. URL URL	0
how to say ‘i love you’: 1.) have my fries	1
breaking: soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa, hill on lockdown, shooter at large URL #ottnews	0
raven symone blasts bill cosby rape story URL URL	1
madden nfl 15 simulation correctly predicted the super bowl's final score. URL URL	0
well, this is one way to quit your job. watch alaskan reporter charlo green quit live on air. URL URL	0
still waiting for tupac to accept my als ice bucket challenge. bruh, i know you're still alive.	1
don't worry ppl #isis isn't a threat to homeland. man wearing body armor with isis flag on it arrested in #texas URL	1
malaysia airlines plane mh17 'shot down in ukraine near russian border' URL URL	1
dramatic photos from @wcuddington on the scene in ottawa URL URL	0
ex-marlboro man dies from smoking -related disease URL via @fox411	0
it says a lot about your worldview that you hear obama is donating a muslim museum and it makes sense to you: URL	1
after speculation that he’s been arrested, banksy debuts new mural in bristol URL URL	1
$500 off your first month in our new mexico city data center? muy bien! URL	1
the world is running out of chocolate, world’s largest chocolate manufacturer warns URL URL	1
that powerful lego letter to parents about gender and creativity? it's real. URL URL	0
nestl usa has issued a recall of hot pockets. see the varieties affected: URL	0
someone trolled twitter into thinking macklemore joined isis: URL URL	1
florida woman pays $20,000 for third breast | URL URL	1
mass grave found in mexico near area where 43 students vanished after a confrontation with police: URL - @thisisfusion	1
big bank hank of the sugarhill gang - famous for the 1979 hit 'rappers delight' - dead at 57 URL URL	0
so paul walker is still alive ? dead or alive sia ?! #paulwalker URL	0
banksy account joins cartoonists support for #charliehebdo #jesuischarlie URL URL	1
soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl. nathan cirillo - URL URL	0
rt @xxl: president obama’s daughter wears a pro era t-shirt: URL URL	1
#animaloftheday: the first afghan fanged deer was seen in more than 60 years! URL URL	0
#mh17 is believed shot down with old soviet-built buk surface-to-air missile system. URL URL	1
this powerful cartoon about the charlie hebdo attack is not by banksy URL URL	1
hewlett-packard plans to split into two companies: wsj report URL	0
david haines 'beheading': isis release video claiming to show execution of british hostage URL URL	0
walmart donates $10,000 to support darren wilson, but won't give tracy morgan a penny for the accident their company caused. #boycottwalmart	1
dubbed #bendgate, iphone 6 plus users report the aluminium body is bending in pants pockets URL URL	1
portland cops complete delivery after pizza hut driver injured in crash URL URL	0
late actor paul walker's admirable history of organizing & participating in international disaster relief missions: URL	0
arenal is one of 6 spectacular volcanoes located in #costarica. URL	1
it ain't banksy! meet @lucilleclerc, artist behind the iconic #charliehebdo pencil tribute URL URL	1
obama has filed federal charges against zimmerman for violating trayvon's civil rights. god is good	1
a video has been released by isis apparently showing the murder of british hostage david haines: URL	0
ahh!! @jk_rowling has an encyclopedia in the works for #harrypotter!! & #pottermore is now open!! :d URL	1
fanged deer spotted in afghanistan for the first time in 65 years URL URL	0
will you be able to float on jan. 4, 2015, aka zero g day? hint: no. URL URL	1
uk #krispykreme apologizes for 'kkk wednesday' customer promo. URL URL	0
canadian government offices are locked down in ottawa after an armed attack: URL URL	0
#tesla reportedly selects nevada to build massive $5 billion battery plant URL via @foxcarreport URL	0
leicester kfc refusing hand wipes to a customer because they anti islamic. what's next? a separate door for woman? sharia sauce? @kfc arses.	1
officials took away this halloween decoration after reports of it being a real suicide victim. 2003 URL	0
matt taibbi has left first look media. sorry to see him go. a great talent and we wish him well. URL	0
meet the south american goliath birdeater -- a spider the size of a puppy: URL URL	0
police, bystanders and soldiers rushed in to help after the memorial shooting in ottawa URL URL	0
photo: dogs of canadian reservist killed at national war memorial wait for him to return home URL URL	0
puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest @livescience | URL URL	0
fukushima: highly radioactive water seeping into the ocean URL	1
boko haram ceasefire includes release of 200+ #bringbackourgirls hostages, nigerian government says URL	1
actor who portrayed marlboro man in cigarette ads in late 1970s dies from smoking-related disease: URL	0
attorney: new audio reveals pause in gunfire when michael brown was shot. URL	0
audio may have captured michael brown shooting URL	0
highly radioactive water is seeping into the ocean from japan's crippled fukushima nuclear plant URL	1
so sad to learn big bank hank has passed away--the sugarhill gang rapper was 57. URL URL	0
"talking angela gets ur personal info" "he's a kidnapper" "he watches u through ur camera" URL	1
cpl. nathan cirillo pictured on the left, minutes before he was shot at the war memorial today. #cbcott #ottnews URL	0
hewlett-packard to split into two companies, wsj says. URL	0
the nigerian government says it has secured the release of 200 schoolgirls after agreeing ceasefire with boko haram. URL	1
could a buk surface-to-air missile system have brought down malaysia airlines flight 17? URL #mh17 URL	1
#prayforchristopher 5k run .. well we are walking lol @savannahn_2012 @lemongella URL	0
who got violent? pregnant woman shot by #ferguson cop while sitting in car tuesday, loses eye: URL URL	0
someone spray painted a penis on a $2.4 mill bugatti URL	1
police officers deliver the pie after pizza hut driver injured in crash URL URL	0
news saudi arabia's national airline planning to introduce gender segregation on flights URL URL	1
someone spray painted a penis on a 1.9m bugatti veyron URL URL	1
microsoft is reportedly buying 'minecraft' developer mojang for $2 billion URL	0
once again, jk rowling is not working on an eighth harry potter book. i expect this rumour originated from either the quibbler or trelawney.	1
confirmed: #mikebrown had no criminal record. URL #ferguson URL	0
the stuff of nightmares: this guy ran into a puppy sized spider. in a rainforest. at night. URL URL	0
breaking: huge explosion of an #oil pipeline belonging to @saudi_aramco near sudair, #saudiarabia. URL	1
prime minister harper on ottawa attack: 'we will not be intimidated. canada will never be intimidated' - live video URL	0
karma#ferguson protestor accidentally burnsdown own house URL @sheepawoken @youngblkrepub #tcot URL	1
malaysia airlines plane mh17 'shot down in ukraine near russian border' URL URL	1
i'm alive, see you soon !	1
let's please remember the victim in the ok beheading, colleen hufford-> rt "victim was loving grandma" URL via @nypost	0
iphone 6 plus users are sitting on and bending their enormous new phones URL	1
"justin bieber ringtone saves russian fisherman from potentially fatal bear attack."	1
that powerful letter from lego to parents from the 1970s? it's real URL URL	0
saudi cleric proclaims snowman-building 'anti-islamic' (photos, video) URL URL	0
breaking: malaysian airlines passenger 'shot down' near russian border in ukraine URL URL	1
r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn’t famous.	0
obama has taken down amber alert website during shutdown, but michelle's let's move site is still up. at least missing kids won't be thirsty	1
hasan gets $278k but victims denied army benefits. disgusting waste of tax $$. garnish his wages & send 2 red cross URL	0
the president of argentina adopted a jewish teenager to stop him from becoming a werewolf URL URL	1
78, not 31, arrested overnight in #ferguson. URL	1
breaking news: isis beheads a british hostage david haines in message to america's partners. URL	0
hp confirmed that it's splitting into two companies. and cutting 5,000 jobs. URL $hp URL	0
google south american goliath birdeater. helllll noooooo	0
employee says manager bans slang at chick-fil-a. URL URL	1
a photo of black nurses saving the life of a kkk member. URL	1
actor who played marlboro man in ads dies from smoking-related disease URL	0
marlboro man dies of smoking-related disease URL URL	0
canada parliament shooting: - active shooter - 3 separate shooting sites - 3 injd - multiple gunmen - 1 soldier dead URL	0
#selena's killer & former fan club president will not be released early from prison! URL URL	1
breaking: malaysia airlines plane 'shot down' travelling from amsterdam to kuala lumpur URL URL	1
a pregnant woman lost her eye after getting shot with a police bean bag round while she was in her car in #ferguson: URL	0
oklahoma beheading suspect alton nolen ordered held without bond URL URL	0
this is the surface-to-air missile ukraine says shot down malaysia airlines plane URL URL	1
doritos-flavored mountain dew is a real thing URL URL	0
as a former federal agent i find this story hard to believe, even for this white house. URL #spitehouse	1
starbucks is experimenting with a beer-flavored latte that reportedly tastes like guinness URL	0
malaysia airlines executive releases partial list of passengers' nationalities: URL URL #mh17	1
more: a law enforcement official says the shooter was myron may, who graduated from florida state: URL	0
pope francis is the real mvp URL	1
that powerful letter from lego to parents from the 1970s? it's real URL URL	0
paul walker dies, millions cried. millions died of human hunger, no one simply gives a fk.	0
al-shabaab leader ahmed abdi godane killed in monday's u.s. airstrike in somalia, pentagon says. URL	0
peek behind the curtain of our save the americans video. URL	1
ex-marlboro man dies from smoking-related disease... URL	0
dear president obama...it looks like stay-at-home moms vote too.	1
police in #ottawa cannot confirm whether gunman shot dead in parliament is the same person that shot and killed soldier at the war memorial,	0
sugarhill gang's big bank hank dies at 57 from cancer URL URL	0
a chick-fil-a manager allegedly banned this hilarious list of slang words URL URL	1
mike brown murder trial witness, #deandrejoshua fatally shot & set on fire after verdict #deandrejoshua URL	1
and @abc, please tweet saying that you did not pay or compensate darren wilson for the interview in any way. we're waiting. #ferguson	1
still cah believe paul walker died r.i.p paul walker r.i.p brian o'connor r.i.p fast & furious URL	0
at the war memorial in. ottawa. a soldier has been shot. they are giving him treatment now. #breaking URL	0
if betty white dies today and steals joan's thunder i will unleash a reign of terror upon this nation the likes of which u have never seen!!	1
obama files federal charges against george zimmerman  that's myyyyyyy president! yaassssss  praise the lord.	1
donna douglas, elly may clampett on ‘beverly hillbillies,’ dies at 81 URL	0
news that 'home alone' star macauley culkin is dead has been confirmed as a hoax, he is alive &well. #macauleyculkin URL	1
r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn’t famous.	0
this photo was taken by a tourist at the national war memorial, shortly before nathan cirillo was shot and killed. URL	0
#kevinvickers hailed as hero who took down attacker at parliament hill URL #ottawashooting URL	0
ex-marlboro man dies from smoking-related disease URL	0
this dog was abandoned at a scottish railway station with a suitcase full of his belongings URL URL	0
starbucks is testing a new latte that tastes exactly like guinness: URL URL	0
betty white is victim of death hoax after fans misread satirical story about 92-year-old's dye job URL	1
president obama’s daughter wears a pro era t-shirt: URL URL	1
obama has shut down amber alert website to find missing children but still has fuel economy website up URL	1
goliath encounter: puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest - URL URL	0
stephen collins -- cops swarm home after suicide report ... false alarm URL	1
why did macklemore delete this tweet!? #macklemorejoinedisis URL	1
this photo was taken by a tourist at the national war memorial, shortly before nathan cirillo was shot and killed. URL	0
good sweet lord, pepsi is actually testing a doritos-flavored mountain dew URL URL	0
we only have one thing to say about that giant goliath birdeater spider: URL URL	0
mass grave found in mexico town where over 40 students went missing - URL	1
microsoft to buy mojang for $2 billion - report. deal to be finalised as early as this week. URL URL	0
a photo of black nurses saving the life of a kkk member. URL	1
really? amber alert website goes dark under government shutdown URL	1
#prayforchristopher please rt/fav this it means u care and maybe chris brown will see this and will see that we care and smiles again	0
watch: paul walker's last trailer for the film hours. the movie is set to release in two weeks. URL	0
please read! do not purchase koch products. they're paying for zimmerman's attorney fees! URL	1
the scene at the war memorial in ottawa URL URL	0
colleen hufford was a white woman, hardly worth a mention from pres. obama (unlike #ferguson) URL URL	0
actor eric lawson who portrayed the marlboro man dies from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: URL	0
breaking news: durex has not come out with a pumpkin spice condom URL URL	1
19-year-old girl wakes up during brain surgery to ask doctors: ‘how’s it going?’ URL	0
a canadian soldier has been shot at the country's national war memorial near parliament. URL URL	0
'madden 15' predicted the patriots would win 28-24. which is exactly what happened. URL	0
seriously?! i must be doing good in life. more fake #fluffydied shit popping up. URL	1
hewlett-packard to split pc and printer business from corporate hardware and services: URL $hpq URL	0
just heart breaking. french police commissioner commits suicide after meeting charliehebdo bereaved. URL	1
*reads things about talking angela* "talking angela gets ur personal info" "talking angela can access all ur photos" URL	1
'nine britons and 80 children' feared dead after flight #mh17 'shot down' URL URL	1
it was a long, dark day in ottawa. a timeline of the attack: URL #ottawashooting URL	0
ebola vaccines? URL #news #today	1
marlboro ad man eric lawson dies of chronic lung disease URL @guardianworld	0
no baes allowed: a chick-fil-a manager bans 22 hip words URL URL	1
rip to the driver who was also killed along with paul walker who no one seems to care about... URL	0
a puppy-sized spider was found in south america and is now known as the 'south american goliath birdeater.' URL	0
very helpful to know that not only was douche harvard prof ben edelman a racist, but his students were, too==> URL	1
*dead* at this list of banned slang by chick-fil-a manager: URL	1
canada parliament shooting: - still active shooter - 3 separate shooting sites - multiple gunmen - 1 gunmen dead URL	0
parliament hill in lockdown after soldier shot at #ottawa's war memorial, just south of east block.	0
jose canseco accidentally shot himself in the hand at his las vegas home URL URL	0
wtf. rt @pourmecoffee: hello everyone. "puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest" URL URL	0
update: parliament hill attack: soldier dies of injuries, gunman shot dead URL #ottawashooting URL	0
groundbreaking female pilot who bombed #isis is now disowned by her family: URL URL	1
lets start by boycotting koch industiers they paid for george zimmerman legal fees #justicefortrayvon #jurorb37 URL	1
obama administration shuts down amber alert site, blames "confusion." don't worry. they're still in charge of your health care.	1
@legendgary #hitemup! bad boy c.e.o. @iamdiddy arrested in connection with murder of tupac shakur: ... URL @wethewest	1
oax: mcdonald's issues official statement on racist sign [updated] URL #seriouslymcdonalds	1
i don't want to live on this planet anymore. rt @juddlegum pepsi is making a doritos-flavored mountain dew: "dewitos" URL	0
breaking news photo gallery: parliament hill attacked, soldier shot at national war memorial URL URL	0
water leaks at fukushima could contaminate entire pacific ocean URL	1
@jjauthor @fingersflying @peddoc63 @chucknellis @waynebogda what happens to witnesses! URL URL	1
president's daughter malia obama spotted wearing a pro era t-shirt URL URL	1
banksy shares simple but beautiful tribute to charlie hebdo cartoonists URL	1
lego letter from the 1970s still offers a powerful message to parents 40 years later URL URL	0
french police chief killed himself after #charliehebdo attack URL URL	1
fox: obama offers "to pay out of his own pocket for the museum of muslim culture." their source: a satire website URL	1
the way we live is social, connecting people and information all over the world. shouldn't we work the same way? URL	0
win: macy's stops stocking sodastream URL #bds #palestine @aicnews URL	1
update: one shooter possibly on the loose in #ottawa amid reports of shootings in the city: URL	0
breaking: ks patient at risk for ebola: in strict isolation at ku med center in kansas city URL #kwch12	1
vaughn foods co-worker who witnessed murder tells #news9 murder suspect alton nolen was shouting islamic phrases. fbi investigating	0
breaking: 3 missing afghan soldiers have been found trying to cross the border into canada, senior law enforcement source tells nbc news	0
don't put your iphone 6 in your pocket y'all URL URL	1
waking up late for pre-game skate in vegas like... #nhl #expansion URL	1
bobby shmurda stabbed to death in jail by cell mate URL URL	1
scientist discover a puppy-sized spider in the rainforest, better known as the 'nope' spider URL URL	0
r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn’t famous	0
this young woman was shot with a nerf bullet by a #ferguson police officer, she lost her eye. URL	0
hp confirmed that it's splitting into two companies. and cutting 5,000 jobs. URL $hp URL	0
hewlett-packard to split pc, printer business from corporate hardware, according to reports URL URL	0
who killed deandre joshua - and why? still more questions than answers regarding 20-year-old murdered in ferguson URL	1
"one day, we will see our animals again in the eternity of christ," pope francis said to a boy whose dog died URL	1
*breaking news* obama administration files federal charges against george zimmerman! #ontheroadtojustice	1
banksy's response to the #charliehebdo shooting URL URL	1
mexico: iguala mass grave bodies "not all of missing students", guerrero state governor says URL URL	1
cops swarm #7thheaven star stephen collins' home after suicide report URL URL	1
this dog was abandoned at a scottish railway station with a suitcase full of his belongings URL URL	0
president of argentina adopts jewish godson to 'stop him turning into a werewolf' URL URL	1
uniformed canadian soldier shot at war memorial in #ottawa.	0
paul walker's last pic before his death in car accident :'( #rip #paulwalker URL	0
looking forward to first matchup between las vegas nhl expansion team and a canadian team URL	1
graffiti artist banksy arrested in london; identity revealed - national report | national report URL via @wpusta	1
this photo was taken by a tourist at the national war memorial, shortly before nathan cirillo was shot and killed. URL	0
the sugarhill gang's big bank hank has died at 57: URL URL	0
ferguson protestor accidentally burns down his own home & blames busy fd for failing to respond to 911 call for help. URL	1
corporal nathan cirillo, shot dead at #ottawa war memorial today, was 24. reservist was member of argyll and sutherland highlanders #cdnpoli	0
remembering paul walker: URL URL	0
#breaking: missing afghan soldiers reportedly found near canadian border URL	0
high school student reportedly makes 72 million on stock market. URL @wallstreet @stuyvesanthigh URL	1
im still on that paul walker situation i can't believe he died especially in a car.	0
man who saw gunman shoot canadian soldier at war memorial says shooter "raised his arms in triumph": URL	0
first pics from the site in ukraine where #mh17 crashed URL URL	1
krispy kreme hull is advertising kkk wednesday. i don't know. i do not know. URL	0
'outrage' is an understatement >> irs sent $46,378,040 in refunds to 23,994 ‘unauthorized’ aliens at 1 atl address URL	0
my heart goes out to loved ones and fans of paul walker, who died in a car wreck saturday. word is he was a really good dude. #rippaulwalker	0
this dog was abandoned at a scottish railway station with a suitcase full of his belongings URL URL	0
ukrainian military jet was flying close to #mh17 before it was shot down, says russian officer URL URL	1
francis teaches you how to make your own doritos flavored mountain dew! watch: URL then share! :) URL	0
vampire bambi? rare fanged deer confirmed in afghanistan after 60 years URL URL	0
walmart donates $10,000 to support darren wilson and the on going racist police murders #ferguson #boycottwalmart URL	1
paul walker's death keeps getting more ironic... the driver, roger rodas, was a former racecar driver #rip URL	0
#obama says "america doesn't want any stay-at-home-moms! enough is enough! #fireobama now! URL URL	1
obama keeps michelle's URL site running despite the shutdown but URL is shutdown because? #spitehouse	1
the manager at a chick-fil-a made a list of words his employees are no longer allowed to say. URL URL	1
"talking angela is a hacker" "he's a kidnapper" "he watches u through ur camera" "he asks about ur personal life" URL	1
conservative caucas informed soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa this morning has died. a sad development on a shocking day.	0
rt @cl_lfc: “@usvsth3m: vladimir putin’s motorcade looks suspiciously like a massive… URL URL ”	1
more: tesla motors picks nevada as home of new electric car battery factory, beating 4 other states: URL	0
a touching tribute to a fallen soldier URL URL	0
ebola is not real and the only people who have gotten sick are those who got shots fr the red cross URL	1
calm yourselves- durex has not come out with a pumpkin spice condom URL URL	1
hero: kevin vickers moments after shooting dead canadian parliament attacker - URL / URL	0
it’s a dog’s afterlife: pope francis says there’s a place for pets in paradise URL	1
hey, it looks like... oh. rt @marc_leibowitz: photo of vladimir putin's motorcade. posted without comment. URL	1
we are running out of chocolate, warns world's largest chocolate manufacturer URL URL	1
a saudi cleric has declared that the building of snowmen as being anti-islamic. URL	0
canadian mayor tells muslim to pound pork. refuses to remove pork from school canteen. URL URL	1
obama declares stay-at-home moms aren't worth a hill of beans; says it's a choice 'we don't want americans to... URL	1
deandre joshua--shot in the head & torched--was childhood friends w the sole up-close witness to mike brown's murder. URL	1
the end is nigh: pepsi is testing doritos-flavored mountain dew. yes, for real: URL	0
woke up to news of paul walker's death and a train derailment in the bronx that left at least 4 dead. have to remember how lucky we can be.	0
the first general killed in a combat zone since vietnam, it is a travesty that obama did not attend major general harold greene’s funeral	1
hard to believe paul walker died yesterday. no more fast & furious. way too young. #rip URL	0
cdc has confirmed that the patient in dallas has tested positive for the ebola virus. we'll have more coming up on khou 11 news at 4 p.m.	0
pictured: kevin vickers moments after shooting dead canadian parliament attacker URL URL	0
listen to our live special coverage of parliament hill shooting here URL URL	0
"fast & furious" stars heartbreakingly mourn paul walker's death URL URL	0
breaking news: one soldier has died after ottawa shooting, suspect(s) still at large - URL	0
corporations have sold or spun off $1.6 trillion worth of subsidiaries & biz lines this year. URL URL	0
dog found abandoned at scottish train station with suitcase of belongings (photo: spca) URL URL	0
if darren wilson was paid by @abc it would be a painful reminder that destroying black life remains profitable in america. #ferguson	1
r.i.p paul walker.... he died doing what he loved... and that's going fast. URL	0
fast and furious 7 "delayed" but "won't be scrapped" following paul walker's death: report URL	0
the five movie roles that made us fall in love with paul walker URL #rippaulwalker URL	0
making my own doritos flavored mountain dew! URL	0
we are running out of chocolate, warns world's largest chocolate manufacturer URL URL	1
@antoniofrench alleged new shooting audio of #michaelbrown / URL	0
r.i.p paul walker  he died doing what he loved URL	0
kfc ban wipes because they offend muslims URL ban islam instead, why are there halal only kfc's? URL	1
fast & furious 7 might still come out even after paul walker's death URL	0
tupac was hiding for 18 years  URL	1
more: ottawa shootings suspect identified as michael zehaf-bibeau, 32; unclear if there are other shooters: URL	0
dog found abandoned at scottish train station with suitcase filled with it's belongings: URL URL	0
fact: florida state university shooter's last facebook status was bible verse (matthew 5:3)..imagine if it was quran: URL	0
kristen stewart: reality: URL demented right-wing fantasy: URL	1
lego letter from the 1970s still offers a powerful message to parents 40 years later URL URL	0
r.i.p. roger rodas, the ceo/racer who died with paul walker yesterday. he was originally from santa ana, el salvador.	0
another letter to parents, included in 1970s lego sets URL URL	0
up to 34 million green cards and work permits... URL	1
paul walker died too fast, i'm furious.. :/	0
paul walker's co-stars take to twitter to share their condolences following his death URL #rippaulwalker #teampw	0
a list of overnight arrests in ferguson shows a much higher number than officials reported URL URL	1
irs sent $46,378,040 in refunds to 23,994 ‘unauthorized’ aliens at 1 atlanta address | cns news URL via @sharethis	0
current passenger breakdown by nationality - via @theage @smh #mh17 URL URL	1
banksy proves he hasn't been arrested, puts up new piece in bristol. take a look here: URL URL	1
#rip to the driver who died with #paulwalker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.	0
bruh, just chill. did you see the slang words this chick-fil-a manager banned? URL URL	1
pepsi is currently taste-testing doritos flavored mountrain dew. would you try it? URL URL	0
confirmed: this is irrelevant. rt @ksdknews: confirmed: #mikebrown had no criminal record. URL #ferguson	0
r.i.p to the driver that died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.	0
officials took away this halloween decoration after reports of it being a real suicide victim. it is still unknown. URL	0
after an absence of 65 years, the afghan fanged deer has returned URL URL	0
someone spray painted a penis on a $2.4 million bugatti veyron: URL URL	1
'nine britons, 23 us citizens and 80 children' feared dead after #mh17 jet 'shot down' URL URL	1
macklemore announced today that he has joined isis.	1
a florida woman had surgery to give herself a third boob: URL URL	1
cxn: 1 gunman shot dead in parliament hill attack, soldier shot in ottawa URL no report soldier dead. #ottawashooting	0
"afghanistan has been through a lot. you know what it needs now? deer with fangs." -- god URL URL	0
breaking news: cbs reports multiple suspects at large after more than 30 shots fired at canadian parliament - URL	0
dogs of canadian reservist killed at national war memorial wait for him to return home URL URL	0
r.i.p. to roger rodas, the guy that died with paul walker. he's human too URL	0
stop believing what you see on facebook. rt @lilduval: so ebola was found in hair extensions? all my bitches wear weave 	1
report: toronto, seattle, quebec city to join vegas in 2017 nhl expansion: URL	1
okla beheading victim colleen hufford, rest in peace #beheading #jihad #jahkeemyisrael URL URL	0
texasfirst islamic tribunal in ussharia lawin americamust stop URL @_fritobandito_ @amymek URL	1
that old "banksy arrested" hoax is back. don't buy into it. URL	1
the motoring world responds to paul walker's death URL URL	0
north korea media says kim jong un has made appearance after 40+ days missing: URL URL	1
reports: missing afghan soldiers found trying to cross into canada, source says -@wcvb, @7news, @nbcnews URL (fixes typo)	0
no, vladimir putin has not been driving round in a motorcade shaped like a penis URL URL	1
47 days after his plane was shot down over ukraine, #mh17 pilot laid to rest URL URL	1
confirmed: pepsico is making a doritos-flavored mountain dew called "dewitos" URL URL	0
talking angela is an app that has been hacked and asks for you personal information. spread the word URL	1
breaking: malaysia airlines plane 'shot down' was carrying 295 people URL URL	1
ukraine officials say malaysia plane #mh17 was shot down by a buk missile system URL URL	1
report: amazon plans to open its first physical store, in new york URL	1
d.a. to seek death in #moore, #oklahoma beheading case. #altonnolen #kellyfile URL	0
coming 2 america soon! .@kfc bans alcohol-based wet wipes so #muslims aren’t offended URL #tcot URL	1
lego letter from the 1970s still offers a powerful message to parents 40 years later URL URL	0
graffiti artist banksy arrested in london; identity revealed - national report | national report URL	1
after the fake news of banksy being arrested and unmasked, the real banksy has shockingly revealed himself! URL	1
first photo from the malaysia airlines crash site in ukraine. via @reuters URL #mh17 URL	1
that powerful, 40-year-old letter from lego to parents? it's real URL URL	0
currently boycotting walmart & sam's on w. florissant they donated 10,000 to darren wilson!!!!!! cars are turning around! #fergusonoctober	1
maybe tupac is alive and we're dead.	1
@realpaulwalker died in a fiery car crash. @fastfurious filmmakers will commemorate his legacy by dedicating the next six sequels to him.	0
breaking news: ottawa police confirm at least 3 separate shooting sites and multiple suspects - URL	0
this is just about the weirdest fetish i've ever heard of. what was he thinking of? (via @elvis717) URL	1
i feel some type of way. URL	1
'fast and furious' cast mourns paul walker's death URL	0
pope francis again appears to suggest progress, but just makes false claims, as his religious belief requires of him URL	0
ukraine officials say malaysian jet was shot down by a buk missile system URL #mh17 URL	1
facebook spies on you for the government: URL	1
former baseball slugger jose canseco accidentally shot himself in the left hand, police say. URL	0
three of five detainees swapped are now isis leaders claims URL URL URL	1
celebrities, friends and co-stars react to paul walker's tragic death. #rippaulwalker URL URL	0
update: 'most of downtown #ottawa is in lockdown,' police say: URL	0
more: canadian soldier shot at war memorial has died; one of three suspected gunmen also dead, police say: URL	0
judd nelson didn't die last night. he sent us this photo to debunk the rumor. URL URL	1
breaking news: ottawa police confirm to abc news they are looking for 3 suspects, one has been 'dealt with' - URL	0
iphone 6 users report that their phones are bending in their pockets... lol. URL URL	1
now he's a one-handed scientist rt @cbsnews: puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest URL	0
the sudden & tragic death of #paulwalker reminds us that we shouldn't take even a moment for granted bc it can be over in a blink #sosad	0
wth?! michelle obama tells black ppl they can go eat fried chicken after they vote. just when u thought she could not be more ghetto.	0
researcher @naskrecki on his encounter with a goliath birdeater, the world's largest spider URL URL	0
.@eamaddennfl successfully predicted the final score of #sb49. yes, it's true: URL URL	0
we are running out of chocolate, warns world's largest chocolate manufacturer URL URL	1
update: uk prime minister david #cameron describes apparent beheading of david #haines as 'an act of pure evil' URL	0
shooting investigation going on for more than 3 hours. much of downtown ottawa still in lockdown: URL #cbcott #ottnews	0
wow. obama disses stay at home moms. "that’s not a choice we want americans to make." URL	1
fukushima reactors leaking into groundwater, can't be stopped from getting in ocean, buildings now on mushy land URL	1
this is the driver that died in the accident with paul walker. don't forget about him just because he's not famous. URL	0
paul walker's fast and the furious costars and more react to the actor's tragic death: URL	0
fanged deer pops up in afghanistan, 60 years after its last appearance URL URL	0
eriously? racist mcdonald’s sign is obviously a hoax - URL	1
adam we should do a test with this spider! ...adam? URL URL	0
rip roger rodas, the man who died with paul walker. #rippaulwalker #riprogerrodas URL	0
detroit niggas are savages they stole the batmobile. URL	1
they found him shot dead and burned in his car after the #ferguson chaos. what happened to deandre joshua: URL	1
seth rogen has been cast as steve wozniak in the steve jobs biopic starring christian bale. URL URL	0
paula deen: "forget the food network. i've already been offered a cooking show on the new fox news food channel."	1
another letter to parents, included in 1970s lego sets URL URL	0
banksy's illustrated response to the charlie hebdo attack isn't by banksy. but it is striking URL URL	1
fanged deer pops up in afghanistan, 60 years after its last appearance URL URL	0
now: 12-year-old conservative cj pearson defends giuliani's comments on obama and his facebook gets shut down! URL	1
subaru gets snowbound police back on patrol. #dontletwinterwin URL	1
the canadian soldier shot at the war memorial in ottawa has died, according to two members of parliament. live blog: URL	0
donna douglas, star of the beverly hillbillies, has passed away at 81 URL URL	0
breaking news: banksy not arrested, cover not blown.	1
breaking: video claims to show beheading of british aid worker david haines by #isis.	0
oprah: “bill cosby drugged & tried to rape me”  URL	1
#oklahoma prosecutor files formal notification that he will seek death penalty for beheading suspect #altonnolen. #kellyfile	0
jamie dornan leaving fifty shades of grey?! yeah, not so much: URL	1
let's let our friends know that a state senator in south carolina stated "women are a lesser cut of meat" #chewonthis URL	0
cool dog! mt @cbsnews: goliath encounter: puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest URL URL	0
fukushima – toxic water leak a level 3 serious incident URL fuck you tepco! fucking ocean is boiling!!! #yan	1
his movies brought thrills and laughter to millions. can't believe he died in car crash rip paul walker URL	0
rip elly may clampett: so sad to learn #beverlyhillbillies star donna douglas has passed away. URL	0
ex-marlboro man dies from smoking-related disease - URL	0
#macklemorejoinedisis	1
69 people die after drinking beer believed to have been poisoned with crocodile bile in mozambique: URL	1
non-essential services shutdown? can someone explain to me how URL is essential while URL is not?	1
icymi, #selena's killer & former fan club president will not be released early from prison! URL URL	1
a good relationship:  calls you to just say hi  wants to see you  brings you bk	1
where is michelle obama’s hashtag for meriam ibrahim? she’s pregnant and sentenced to die URL URL	1
report: #nhl expansion to las vegas ‘a done deal’ URL URL	1
the fight against isis starts at our border. ‘at least’ 10 isis have been caught crossing the mexico border. build a wall!	1
we are running out of chocolate, warns world's largest chocolate manufacturer URL URL	1
pro-russian rebel leader in leaked audio: "cossacks" shot down the plane URL #mh17 URL	1
meet the south american goliath birdeater -- a spider the size of a puppy: URL URL	0
update: ottawa police confirm gunman in canada shooting shot and killed. search on for possible additional gunmen. URL	0
sugarhill gang's big bank hank dies at 57 URL URL	0
for just $1 you can get a free jr. frosty with every 2015 purchase! get a frosty key tag now & help support @dtfa. URL	1
source: microsoft in discussions to buy 'minecraft' maker mojang for more than $2 billion - @wsj URL	0
in announcing split, hewlett-packard also boosted the number of its expected layoffs by 5,000 to 55,000. URL $hpq	0
amber alert website, which shows critical missing children bulletins, is offline due to government shutdown URL	1
update: reports of gunfire inside the halls of the canadian parliament building in #ottawa: URL	0
oregon police officers step in and make delivery after pizza hut driver gets injured in a car crash: URL #odd	0
a city in louisiana has made "twerking" illegal, imposing a punishment of 30 days in jail for a first offense	1
who shot down the plane? where are the black boxes? 8 unanswered questions from #mh17: URL URL	1
a russian officer "pushed that button deliberately" & shot down #mh17, ukrainian gov. says: URL URL	1
wtf? community agitator obama secretly met w/ ferguson activists & told them to stay on course URL URL	1
psa please do not drink any pepsi soda, a worker from that company has put blood contaminated with aids inside the bottles!!! please rt!!	1
reported photographs from malaysia airlines #mh17 crash: URL URL	1
y'all, i just read that abc paid darren wilson $500k for the interview. destroying black life remains a lucrative american career. #ferguson	1
.@vp biden: malaysia airlines #mh17 was 'shot down not an accident. blown out of the sky.' URL	1
argentina's president adopted a jewish boy to save him from life as a werewolf URL URL	1
disease spread by bugs that bite your face as you sleep is found in the us URL URL	0
no, internet, betty white is not dead URL (photo: getty) URL	1
banksy shares simple but beautiful tribute to charlie hebdo cartoonists URL URL	1
disney are making their first movie to feature two gay princes who fall in love, amazing.	1
malia obama wears t shirt of an anti white anti cop rap group. #nypd URL #barbaraboxer #respectformuslims #blackprivilege	1
paul walker mourned by vin diesel and more 'fast & furious' co-stars URL #rippaulwalker URL	0
islamic tribunal in texas operating under sharia lawwtf is this@lodisilverado @amymek #tcot URL URL	1
developing story: shots fired on parliament hill, soldier shot at war memorial URL #ottawa URL	0
calm down everyone, banksy hasn't been arrested #banksy URL URL	1
r.i.p roger rodas the man who died with paul walker that everybody forgot about.. #rippaulwalker #riprogerrodas URL	0
islamic tribunal in texas operating under sharia law@db10524 @lodisilverado @amymek #tcot URL URL	1
fan of "fast & furious" actor paul walker shocked by his death as memorial grows URL URL	0
u.s intel: missile that hit #mh17 was most likely fired by pro-russian separatists. details: URL URL	1
cnn: new audio reveals 10 shots fired at michael brown. cluster of 6... a pause... and then 4 more URL	0
sugarhill gang rapper big bank hank has died at the age of 57. read about his legacy and contribution to hip hop: URL	0
cpl. nathan cirillo, 24, identified as the soldier who was shot, killed at the war memorial today. #cbcott #ottnews URL	0
chick-fil-a manager reportedly bans list of unprofessional words, internet erupts: URL URL	1
the canadian soldier shot at the war memorial has died, officials reported. URL #ottawashooting URL	0
police chief investigating #charliehebdo reportedly killed himself while preparing report on terror attack... hmm... URL	1
officials took away this halloween decoration after reports of it being a real suicide victim. 2003 URL	0
#icebucketchallenge donations exceed $94 million. thank you for your support! URL	1
this lego letter from the 1970s still offers a powerful message to parents 40 years later URL URL	0
breaking: malaysia airlines passenger 'shot down' near russian border in ukraine URL URL	1
ottawa shooting: how events unfolded, first shots fired at 9:52 a.m. at the war memorial URL URL	0
rest in peace: big bank hank of sugarhill gang dead at 57 URL URL	0
breaking: gill rosenberg (31) from tel aviv former idf soldier was captured by isis after going to iraq to join kurds & fight isis - ch 2	1
hewlett-packard will split into two companies to adapt to a changing technology landscape URL	0
the world is running out of chocolate, world’s largest chocolate manufacturer warns URL URL	1
scientist releases this horrifying picture of a puppy-sized spider he found in the rainforest URL URL	0
just in... @barackobama & department of justice file federal charges against #georgezimmerman	1
#assholeoftheday sen. thomas corbin, for saying women are "a lesser cut of meat" URL URL	0
iphone 6 plus owners are complaining that their phones are actually bending: URL URL	1
legendary egalitarian 1970s letter from lego to parents URL	0
#dointoomuch rt @dahndahlas: @jemelehill a chick-fil-a manager banned slang at his location. URL URL	1
meet the south american goliath birdeater -- a spider the size of a puppy: URL URL	0
a letter written to parents inside all 1970s lego sets this is perfect. URL	0
are two hewlett-packards better than one? how the new h-ps would look: URL URL	0
r.i.p to the driver that died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous	0
nhl expansion – four teams added by 2017, quebec city, toronto, seattle, and las vegas $1.4b in expansion fees	1
florida woman surgically adds third breast in bid to become reality tv star URL via daily mail	1
also, rip roger rodas the man who died along with paul walker that seems to never be mentioned URL	0
ottawa police confirm that there were multiple suspects in the shooting, saying there were "possibly 3" shooters. URL	0
amazon's physical store in nyc would offer same-day delivery, pickups and dropoffs. URL URL	1
report: microsoft trying to buy mojang, creators of minecraft URL	0
#isis beheads photojournalist james wright foley in a massage to us to end its intervention in #iraq. URL	0
"madden nfl 15" not only predicted a patriots victory over the seahawks, but also predicted the final score of 28-24: URL	0
"paul walker's character in fast and the furious was named "brian",brian from family guy also died this week,both deaths involved cars." umm	0
vladimir putin’s motorcade as seen from the air. URL URL	1
latest so far on shot down malaysia airlines plane #mh17 URL URL	1
really? amber alert website goes dark under government shutdown URL	1
 #mh17  / 14 .. URL URL	1
paul walker's death: 'fast & furious 7' delayed but won't be scrapped URL	0
malia obama wears t shirt of an anti white anti cop rap group. #nypd URL the family that agitates together stays together	1
mexico security forces hunting 43 missing students after clashes with police find mass grave URL	1
43 missing students, a mass grave and a suspect: mexico’s police URL	1
japanese government says fukushima nuclear plant is leaking 300 tons of radioactive water into the ocean every day URL	1
this cartoon is the perfect tribute to nathan cirillo #ottawashooting URL URL	0
donna douglas, known for role as elly may clampett on "the beverly hillbillies," dies. URL URL	0
quebec city, seattle, and toronto to join las vegas in 2017 nhl expansion, number of nhl teams will be raised to 34. (howard bloom)	1
r.i.p rodger rodas the guy no one seems to care about because he's not famous (died with paul walker) URL	0
a pregnant woman has lost her eye after being shot with bean bag by police in ferguson: URL URL	0
42 million dead in bloodiest black friday weekend on record URL	1
"talking angela gets ur personal info" "he's a kidnapper" "he watches u through ur camera" URL	1
so ebola was found in hair extensions? all my bitches wear weave 	1
pregnant #ferguson woman blind after being shot in face by police bean bag URL (video) URL	0
the fact that malaysia airlines #mh17 was shot down may hinder insurance payouts URL URL	1
can new audio help the michael brown investigation? listen to what an attorney says could be key to the investigation URL	0
no, #banksy has not been arrested URL URL	1
florida woman surgically adds third breast in bid to become reality tv star URL URL	1
atheists are mad at @carrieunderwood. i applaud her. URL	1
let's stop calling her the lady who was beheaded, etc. that dehumanizes her. she was colleen hufford. people loved her. she had a life.	0
police chief helric fredou, one of the police officers investigating the case #charliehebdo, commits suicide. URL	1
darren wilson told the post-dispatch that he was not paid for the abc news interview. #ferguson via @christinedbyers URL	1
'who is we?' obama says being a stay-at-home mom 'not a choice we want americans to make' URL	1
a world without chocolate?! two of the world's biggest chocolate makers could face a shortage: URL URL	1
barack obama has doj shut down the amber alert system...so, we can add dead kids to the lengths he's is willing to go in his shutdown game.	1
a texas plumbing company's truck somehow ended up in syria's civil war URL URL	0
'sean combs hoax: puff daddy arrested in tupac shakur murder totally fake; p diddy is ok' URL URL	1
breaking: malaysian airlines passenger 'shot down' near russian border in ukraine URL URL	1
what? rt @70torinoman: walmart donates $10,000 to support darren wilson #ferguson #boycottwalmart URL	1
canadian soldier who was shot at #ottawa's war memorial is a reservist serving with the argyll and sutherland highlanders in #hamilton, ont.	0
breaking: microsoft is near a deal to buy minecraft maker mojang URL	0
paul walker remembered: celebs react to 'fast and furious' star's death URL	0
islamic tribunal using sharia law in texas has been confirmed URL @breitbartnews #a4a URL	1
mr. president, stop mansplaining your "need" to have government care for *my* children URL #sotu	1
lego letter from the 1970s still offers a powerful message to parents 40 years later URL URL	0
fukushima's new looming crisis: radioactive groundwater seeping toward pacific ocean, @mariyamaguchi reports: URL -jm	1
darren wilson was paid $500,000 for his abc interview. and so the hands of racism and capitalism continue to wash one another.	1
tesla says it's broken ground near reno, nevada for a $5 billion battery plant: URL URL	0
1 shot at war memorial in canada's capital. URL	0
raven symone blasts bill cosby rape story URL URL	1
paul walker's character name on fast and furious was brian. brian from family guy died in a car accident. coincidence? i think not	0
alaskan reporter says "f*ck this," quits on live tv — her coworker's reaction is priceless: URL URL	0
uk aid worker david haines beheaded by #isis remember this great & giving man this way not as isis wants @acted URL	0
oregon community helps mother after boy punished for being tardy due to vehicle problems: URL URL	0
the rcmp and ottawa police news conference is beginning now. watch live: URL #cbcott #ottnews	0
who from krispy kreme thought "kkk wednesday" would be a good idea? URL URL	0
r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.	0
islamic tribunal in texas operating under sharia lawwtf is this@lodisilverado @amymek #tcot URL URL	1
nhl expansion to las vegas is reportedly 'a done deal.' URL URL	1
fort hood shooter reportedly has drawn $278g in salary since massacre URL	0
r.i.p to the driver that died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.	0
paula deen moves to have discrimination suit dismissed. just in time for her new book "how to cook a jew".	1
please pray for steven sotloff, [another captive american] that #isis has threatened to behead. #tcot URL	0
just your monday reminder that doritos-flavored mountain dew exists. URL URL	0
alaskan reporter says "f*ck this," quits on live tv — her coworker's reaction is priceless: URL URL	0
#workplace hero shoots #altonnolen #stabbings #beheading priors drugs/manhunt, recent radical convert #judicialgrinds URL	0
the last photo of paul walker, taken just before the crash that killed him. rip URL	0
sorry, everyone—durex is not making pumpkin spice condoms this fall: URL URL	1
#muslim arrested in #texas today with #isis flag on body armor URL	1
apec photo of the day. rt @marc_leibowitz: photo of vladimir putin's motorcade. posted without comment. URL	1
last picture of paul walker taken before his death in a car crash.#rippaulwalker fast & furious won't be same w/o u. URL "	0
in the wake of paul walker's tragic death, what's the future of the @fastfurious movies? URL #rippaulwalker	0
scene at ottawa war memorial. soldier on duty shot. URL	0
#mh17 was shot down by "terrorists," an advisor to ukraine’s minister of internal affairs says URL URL	1
beheading suspect attended same mosque as 9/11 terrorist: moore, oklahoma -- alton nolen, the man who beheaded... URL	0
spiders  scientist finds puppy-sized spider in rainforest. sit. stay. forever. URL URL	0
fukushima nuclear plant leaking 300 tons of radioactive water into the pacific every day: URL	1
holy shit. doritos flavored mountain dew. all is lost. abandon all hope.	0
a photo of black nurses saving the life of a kkk member. URL	1
three missing afghan officers are in custody at the u.s.-canada border, police say. URL	0
“r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn’t famous” omg:(	0
alpha male rt @marc_leibowitz: photo of vladimir putin's motorcade. posted without comment. URL	1
r.i.p roger rodas the man who died with paul walker that everybody forgot about.. #rippaulwalker #riprogerrodas URL	0
#mexico mass grave discovered after student protesters go missing URL URL	1
eric lawson, former 'marlboro man' in cigarette ads dies of smoking-related disease URL URL	0
sugarhill gang's big bank hank dies -- dead at 57 from cancer URL	0
what if talking angela is actually boris laursen he be like "i just stole all your personal information what are you going to do about it"	1
a photo of black nurses saving the life of a kkk member. URL	1
obama files federal charges against george zimmerman following acquittal in shooting murder of trayvon martin | URL	1
penis graffiti drawn on 1.5m bugatti veyron. URL URL	1
hello everyone. "puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest" URL URL	0
canadian cpl. nathan cirillo killed by gunman while guarding canada's national war memorial: URL URL	0
i can't belive people are comparing paul walker's death to brian from family guy. shows how stupid and ignorant people are.	0
this young woman was shot with a nerf bullet by a #ferguson police officer, she lost her eye. #humanrights #nyc #rt URL	0
obama's daughter is pregnant lol michelle should've spent more time with her instead of taking away our french fries	1
saudi cleric proclaims snowman-building 'anti-islamic' (photos, video) URL URL	0
apparently microsoft are trying to buy mojang, the creators of minecraft, for around $2 billion... o_o	0
huh. the wall street journal reports microsoft is close to a $2b deal with mojang, aka the creators of minecraft. URL	0
employees at a chick-fil-a said to be banned from using slang such as "bae", "bruh", "ratchet" URL URL	1
islamic state video purports to show beheading of british hostage david haines; officials can't confirm- @dailymirror URL	0
do you notice similar muslim radical terrorist hand gesture between obama & isis killer???? #tcot @carminezozzora URL	1
i aint know obama daughter was pregnant 	1
ferguson police chief: officer involved in shooting of michael brown was darren wilson, a 6-year veteran with no disciplinary record	0
if amber alert really had to shutdown b/c of lack of funds, as obama said, why did it go back up today after bad pr? #governmentshutdown	1
15 year old who "swatted" gamer convicted of domestic terrorism; 25 years to life in federal prison URL	1
cops swarm #7thheaven star stephen collins' home after suicide report URL URL	1
estimated 300 tons of contaminated water leaking into pacific ocean per day from wrecked #fukushima nuclear plant URL	1
not good for fancy #swiss #brand @nestle : philly steak & cheese @hotpockets linked to massive #beef #recall URL #food	0
cruz stood 21 hours for freedom. obama won't stand for missing children. #amberalert #shutdown	1
paul walker's friends and castmates poured out their hearts overnight URL #rippaulwalker	0
#riphulkhogan. you lifted weights, but you also lifted my heart.	1
r.i.p paul walker, why are people making jokes about his death? not funny at all!	0
twenty-four-year-old cpl. nathan cirillo was shot dead today at the war memorial in #ottawa. #cdnpoli #ottawashooting URL	0
new. leaked phone call between rebel leader & russian intel agent: “cossacks” shot down #mh17. URL URL	1
#mexico: doubts grow over the fate of 43 missing students as more bodies found in a mass grave URL URL	1
17yr old @kyliejenner says she pregnant by 24yr old rapper @tyga (full video)  URL URL	1
he's not arrested, but he has been busy... new banksy mural appears in bristol URL (pic: banksy) URL	1
#rtlny: because a stuyvesant senior made $72 million trading stocks on his lunch break URL URL	1
j.k. rowling is working on an 8th harry potter book.	1
paul walker was "so happy" hours before his tragic death URL	0
#rcmp news conference on #ottawa shootings expected to begin momentarily. watch live @ URL	0
latest: malaysia airlines #mh17 shot down by a surface-to-air missile, u.s. officials say URL URL	1
islamic tribunal in texas operating under sharia lawwtf is this@lodisilverado @amymek #tcot URL URL	1
a penis spray-painted on a $2.5 million bugatti was just for a prank video. URL URL	1
stop rumors: jamie is not leaving fifty shades and him and amelia are still in love. everything's fine for jamie! URL	1
authorities collecting passports at #mh17 crash site. australian coat of arms clearly visible. URL URL	1
quite a design flaw rt @nymag: if you sit with your iphone 6 plus in your pocket, it bends beyond repair URL	1
revealed: #fukushima leaking radioactive water for ‘2 years’, 300 tons flowing into pacific daily URL	1
just in: missing afghan soldiers found trying to enter canada near niagara falls URL URL	0
a memorial for #mh17 victims forms near the netherlands embassy in kiev: URL (roman pilipey/epa) URL	1
remembering paul walker: fast and furious star was "so happy" hours before his tragic death URL	0
we are running out of chocolate, warns world's largest chocolate manufacturer URL URL	1
a chick-fil-a manager allegedly banned the words “bae,” “fleek,” and “ratchet” at work URL	1
why is my grandpa tryin to tell me leonardo dicapro is gonna play martin luther king in a movie.. lol!	1
hewlett-packard announces it will break in two URL	0
2013 was doing alright till i found out paul walker died ..	0
hp confirms that it's splitting into two companies. and cutting 5,000 jobs. URL $hp URL	0
reporter charlo green quit on air to start a marijuana business URL will quitting on tv pay off? URL	0
paul walker's death brought out the worst in some twitter users. i compiled the stupidity for @vice URL	0
the iphone 6 plus really does have a bending problem URL URL	1
new dog-ma? pope says heaven is for hounds, too URL URL	1
giant puppy-sized spider found in south america said to be world's largest URL URL	0
breaking: patient being tested for ebola in kansas URL URL	1
we send our deepest condolences to the family and friends of paul walker and roger rodas. URL URL	0
how to say ‘i love you’: 1.) have my fries	1
breaking: soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa, hill on lockdown, shooter at large URL #ottnews	0
raven symone blasts bill cosby rape story URL URL	1
madden nfl 15 simulation correctly predicted the super bowl's final score. URL URL	0
well, this is one way to quit your job. watch alaskan reporter charlo green quit live on air. URL URL	0
still waiting for tupac to accept my als ice bucket challenge. bruh, i know you're still alive.	1
don't worry ppl #isis isn't a threat to homeland. man wearing body armor with isis flag on it arrested in #texas URL	1
malaysia airlines plane mh17 'shot down in ukraine near russian border' URL URL	1
dramatic photos from @wcuddington on the scene in ottawa URL URL	0
ex-marlboro man dies from smoking -related disease URL via @fox411	0
it says a lot about your worldview that you hear obama is donating a muslim museum and it makes sense to you: URL	1
after speculation that he’s been arrested, banksy debuts new mural in bristol URL URL	1
$500 off your first month in our new mexico city data center? muy bien! URL	1
the world is running out of chocolate, world’s largest chocolate manufacturer warns URL URL	1
that powerful lego letter to parents about gender and creativity? it's real. URL URL	0
nestl usa has issued a recall of hot pockets. see the varieties affected: URL	0
someone trolled twitter into thinking macklemore joined isis: URL URL	1
florida woman pays $20,000 for third breast | URL URL	1
mass grave found in mexico near area where 43 students vanished after a confrontation with police: URL - @thisisfusion	1
big bank hank of the sugarhill gang - famous for the 1979 hit 'rappers delight' - dead at 57 URL URL	0
so paul walker is still alive ? dead or alive sia ?! #paulwalker URL	0
banksy account joins cartoonists support for #charliehebdo #jesuischarlie URL URL	1
soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl. nathan cirillo - URL URL	0
rt @xxl: president obama’s daughter wears a pro era t-shirt: URL URL	1
#animaloftheday: the first afghan fanged deer was seen in more than 60 years! URL URL	0
#mh17 is believed shot down with old soviet-built buk surface-to-air missile system. URL URL	1
this powerful cartoon about the charlie hebdo attack is not by banksy URL URL	1
hewlett-packard plans to split into two companies: wsj report URL	0
david haines 'beheading': isis release video claiming to show execution of british hostage URL URL	0
walmart donates $10,000 to support darren wilson, but won't give tracy morgan a penny for the accident their company caused. #boycottwalmart	1
dubbed #bendgate, iphone 6 plus users report the aluminium body is bending in pants pockets URL URL	1
portland cops complete delivery after pizza hut driver injured in crash URL URL	0
late actor paul walker's admirable history of organizing & participating in international disaster relief missions: URL	0
arenal is one of 6 spectacular volcanoes located in #costarica. URL	1
it ain't banksy! meet @lucilleclerc, artist behind the iconic #charliehebdo pencil tribute URL URL	1
obama has filed federal charges against zimmerman for violating trayvon's civil rights. god is good	1
a video has been released by isis apparently showing the murder of british hostage david haines: URL	0
ahh!! @jk_rowling has an encyclopedia in the works for #harrypotter!! & #pottermore is now open!! :d URL	1
fanged deer spotted in afghanistan for the first time in 65 years URL URL	0
will you be able to float on jan. 4, 2015, aka zero g day? hint: no. URL URL	1
uk #krispykreme apologizes for 'kkk wednesday' customer promo. URL URL	0
canadian government offices are locked down in ottawa after an armed attack: URL URL	0
#tesla reportedly selects nevada to build massive $5 billion battery plant URL via @foxcarreport URL	0
leicester kfc refusing hand wipes to a customer because they anti islamic. what's next? a separate door for woman? sharia sauce? @kfc arses.	1
officials took away this halloween decoration after reports of it being a real suicide victim. 2003 URL	0
matt taibbi has left first look media. sorry to see him go. a great talent and we wish him well. URL	0
meet the south american goliath birdeater -- a spider the size of a puppy: URL URL	0
police, bystanders and soldiers rushed in to help after the memorial shooting in ottawa URL URL	0
photo: dogs of canadian reservist killed at national war memorial wait for him to return home URL URL	0
puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest @livescience | URL URL	0
fukushima: highly radioactive water seeping into the ocean URL	1
boko haram ceasefire includes release of 200+ #bringbackourgirls hostages, nigerian government says URL	1
actor who portrayed marlboro man in cigarette ads in late 1970s dies from smoking-related disease: URL	0
attorney: new audio reveals pause in gunfire when michael brown was shot. URL	0
audio may have captured michael brown shooting URL	0
highly radioactive water is seeping into the ocean from japan's crippled fukushima nuclear plant URL	1
so sad to learn big bank hank has passed away--the sugarhill gang rapper was 57. URL URL	0
"talking angela gets ur personal info" "he's a kidnapper" "he watches u through ur camera" URL	1
cpl. nathan cirillo pictured on the left, minutes before he was shot at the war memorial today. #cbcott #ottnews URL	0
hewlett-packard to split into two companies, wsj says. URL	0
the nigerian government says it has secured the release of 200 schoolgirls after agreeing ceasefire with boko haram. URL	1
could a buk surface-to-air missile system have brought down malaysia airlines flight 17? URL #mh17 URL	1
#prayforchristopher 5k run .. well we are walking lol @savannahn_2012 @lemongella URL	0
who got violent? pregnant woman shot by #ferguson cop while sitting in car tuesday, loses eye: URL URL	0
someone spray painted a penis on a $2.4 mill bugatti URL	1
police officers deliver the pie after pizza hut driver injured in crash URL URL	0
news saudi arabia's national airline planning to introduce gender segregation on flights URL URL	1
someone spray painted a penis on a 1.9m bugatti veyron URL URL	1
microsoft is reportedly buying 'minecraft' developer mojang for $2 billion URL	0
once again, jk rowling is not working on an eighth harry potter book. i expect this rumour originated from either the quibbler or trelawney.	1
confirmed: #mikebrown had no criminal record. URL #ferguson URL	0
the stuff of nightmares: this guy ran into a puppy sized spider. in a rainforest. at night. URL URL	0
breaking: huge explosion of an #oil pipeline belonging to @saudi_aramco near sudair, #saudiarabia. URL	1
prime minister harper on ottawa attack: 'we will not be intimidated. canada will never be intimidated' - live video URL	0
karma#ferguson protestor accidentally burnsdown own house URL @sheepawoken @youngblkrepub #tcot URL	1
malaysia airlines plane mh17 'shot down in ukraine near russian border' URL URL	1
i'm alive, see you soon !	1
let's please remember the victim in the ok beheading, colleen hufford-> rt "victim was loving grandma" URL via @nypost	0
iphone 6 plus users are sitting on and bending their enormous new phones URL	1
"justin bieber ringtone saves russian fisherman from potentially fatal bear attack."	1
that powerful letter from lego to parents from the 1970s? it's real URL URL	0
saudi cleric proclaims snowman-building 'anti-islamic' (photos, video) URL URL	0
breaking: malaysian airlines passenger 'shot down' near russian border in ukraine URL URL	1
r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn’t famous.	0
obama has taken down amber alert website during shutdown, but michelle's let's move site is still up. at least missing kids won't be thirsty	1
hasan gets $278k but victims denied army benefits. disgusting waste of tax $$. garnish his wages & send 2 red cross URL	0
the president of argentina adopted a jewish teenager to stop him from becoming a werewolf URL URL	1
78, not 31, arrested overnight in #ferguson. URL	1
breaking news: isis beheads a british hostage david haines in message to america's partners. URL	0
hp confirmed that it's splitting into two companies. and cutting 5,000 jobs. URL $hp URL	0
google south american goliath birdeater. helllll noooooo	0
employee says manager bans slang at chick-fil-a. URL URL	1
a photo of black nurses saving the life of a kkk member. URL	1
actor who played marlboro man in ads dies from smoking-related disease URL	0
marlboro man dies of smoking-related disease URL URL	0
canada parliament shooting: - active shooter - 3 separate shooting sites - 3 injd - multiple gunmen - 1 soldier dead URL	0
#selena's killer & former fan club president will not be released early from prison! URL URL	1
breaking: malaysia airlines plane 'shot down' travelling from amsterdam to kuala lumpur URL URL	1
a pregnant woman lost her eye after getting shot with a police bean bag round while she was in her car in #ferguson: URL	0
oklahoma beheading suspect alton nolen ordered held without bond URL URL	0
this is the surface-to-air missile ukraine says shot down malaysia airlines plane URL URL	1
doritos-flavored mountain dew is a real thing URL URL	0
as a former federal agent i find this story hard to believe, even for this white house. URL #spitehouse	1
starbucks is experimenting with a beer-flavored latte that reportedly tastes like guinness URL	0
malaysia airlines executive releases partial list of passengers' nationalities: URL URL #mh17	1
more: a law enforcement official says the shooter was myron may, who graduated from florida state: URL	0
pope francis is the real mvp URL	1
that powerful letter from lego to parents from the 1970s? it's real URL URL	0
paul walker dies, millions cried. millions died of human hunger, no one simply gives a fk.	0
al-shabaab leader ahmed abdi godane killed in monday's u.s. airstrike in somalia, pentagon says. URL	0
peek behind the curtain of our save the americans video. URL	1
ex-marlboro man dies from smoking-related disease... URL	0
dear president obama...it looks like stay-at-home moms vote too.	1
police in #ottawa cannot confirm whether gunman shot dead in parliament is the same person that shot and killed soldier at the war memorial,	0
sugarhill gang's big bank hank dies at 57 from cancer URL URL	0
a chick-fil-a manager allegedly banned this hilarious list of slang words URL URL	1
mike brown murder trial witness, #deandrejoshua fatally shot & set on fire after verdict #deandrejoshua URL	1
and @abc, please tweet saying that you did not pay or compensate darren wilson for the interview in any way. we're waiting. #ferguson	1
still cah believe paul walker died r.i.p paul walker r.i.p brian o'connor r.i.p fast & furious URL	0
at the war memorial in. ottawa. a soldier has been shot. they are giving him treatment now. #breaking URL	0
if betty white dies today and steals joan's thunder i will unleash a reign of terror upon this nation the likes of which u have never seen!!	1
obama files federal charges against george zimmerman  that's myyyyyyy president! yaassssss  praise the lord.	1
donna douglas, elly may clampett on ‘beverly hillbillies,’ dies at 81 URL	0
news that 'home alone' star macauley culkin is dead has been confirmed as a hoax, he is alive &well. #macauleyculkin URL	1
r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn’t famous.	0
this photo was taken by a tourist at the national war memorial, shortly before nathan cirillo was shot and killed. URL	0
#kevinvickers hailed as hero who took down attacker at parliament hill URL #ottawashooting URL	0
ex-marlboro man dies from smoking-related disease URL	0
this dog was abandoned at a scottish railway station with a suitcase full of his belongings URL URL	0
starbucks is testing a new latte that tastes exactly like guinness: URL URL	0
betty white is victim of death hoax after fans misread satirical story about 92-year-old's dye job URL	1
president obama’s daughter wears a pro era t-shirt: URL URL	1
obama has shut down amber alert website to find missing children but still has fuel economy website up URL	1
goliath encounter: puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest - URL URL	0
stephen collins -- cops swarm home after suicide report ... false alarm URL	1
why did macklemore delete this tweet!? #macklemorejoinedisis URL	1
this photo was taken by a tourist at the national war memorial, shortly before nathan cirillo was shot and killed. URL	0
good sweet lord, pepsi is actually testing a doritos-flavored mountain dew URL URL	0
we only have one thing to say about that giant goliath birdeater spider: URL URL	0
mass grave found in mexico town where over 40 students went missing - URL	1
microsoft to buy mojang for $2 billion - report. deal to be finalised as early as this week. URL URL	0
a photo of black nurses saving the life of a kkk member. URL	1
really? amber alert website goes dark under government shutdown URL	1
#prayforchristopher please rt/fav this it means u care and maybe chris brown will see this and will see that we care and smiles again	0
watch: paul walker's last trailer for the film hours. the movie is set to release in two weeks. URL	0
please read! do not purchase koch products. they're paying for zimmerman's attorney fees! URL	1
the scene at the war memorial in ottawa URL URL	0
colleen hufford was a white woman, hardly worth a mention from pres. obama (unlike #ferguson) URL URL	0
actor eric lawson who portrayed the marlboro man dies from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: URL	0
breaking news: durex has not come out with a pumpkin spice condom URL URL	1
19-year-old girl wakes up during brain surgery to ask doctors: ‘how’s it going?’ URL	0
a canadian soldier has been shot at the country's national war memorial near parliament. URL URL	0
'madden 15' predicted the patriots would win 28-24. which is exactly what happened. URL	0
seriously?! i must be doing good in life. more fake #fluffydied shit popping up. URL	1
hewlett-packard to split pc and printer business from corporate hardware and services: URL $hpq URL	0
just heart breaking. french police commissioner commits suicide after meeting charliehebdo bereaved. URL	1
*reads things about talking angela* "talking angela gets ur personal info" "talking angela can access all ur photos" URL	1
'nine britons and 80 children' feared dead after flight #mh17 'shot down' URL URL	1
it was a long, dark day in ottawa. a timeline of the attack: URL #ottawashooting URL	0
ebola vaccines? URL #news #today	1
marlboro ad man eric lawson dies of chronic lung disease URL @guardianworld	0
no baes allowed: a chick-fil-a manager bans 22 hip words URL URL	1
rip to the driver who was also killed along with paul walker who no one seems to care about... URL	0
a puppy-sized spider was found in south america and is now known as the 'south american goliath birdeater.' URL	0
very helpful to know that not only was douche harvard prof ben edelman a racist, but his students were, too==> URL	1
*dead* at this list of banned slang by chick-fil-a manager: URL	1
canada parliament shooting: - still active shooter - 3 separate shooting sites - multiple gunmen - 1 gunmen dead URL	0
parliament hill in lockdown after soldier shot at #ottawa's war memorial, just south of east block.	0
jose canseco accidentally shot himself in the hand at his las vegas home URL URL	0
wtf. rt @pourmecoffee: hello everyone. "puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest" URL URL	0
update: parliament hill attack: soldier dies of injuries, gunman shot dead URL #ottawashooting URL	0
groundbreaking female pilot who bombed #isis is now disowned by her family: URL URL	1
lets start by boycotting koch industiers they paid for george zimmerman legal fees #justicefortrayvon #jurorb37 URL	1
obama administration shuts down amber alert site, blames "confusion." don't worry. they're still in charge of your health care.	1
@legendgary #hitemup! bad boy c.e.o. @iamdiddy arrested in connection with murder of tupac shakur: ... URL @wethewest	1
oax: mcdonald's issues official statement on racist sign [updated] URL #seriouslymcdonalds	1
i don't want to live on this planet anymore. rt @juddlegum pepsi is making a doritos-flavored mountain dew: "dewitos" URL	0
breaking news photo gallery: parliament hill attacked, soldier shot at national war memorial URL URL	0
water leaks at fukushima could contaminate entire pacific ocean URL	1
@jjauthor @fingersflying @peddoc63 @chucknellis @waynebogda what happens to witnesses! URL URL	1
president's daughter malia obama spotted wearing a pro era t-shirt URL URL	1
banksy shares simple but beautiful tribute to charlie hebdo cartoonists URL	1
lego letter from the 1970s still offers a powerful message to parents 40 years later URL URL	0
french police chief killed himself after #charliehebdo attack URL URL	1
fox: obama offers "to pay out of his own pocket for the museum of muslim culture." their source: a satire website URL	1
the way we live is social, connecting people and information all over the world. shouldn't we work the same way? URL	0
win: macy's stops stocking sodastream URL #bds #palestine @aicnews URL	1
update: one shooter possibly on the loose in #ottawa amid reports of shootings in the city: URL	0
breaking: ks patient at risk for ebola: in strict isolation at ku med center in kansas city URL #kwch12	1
vaughn foods co-worker who witnessed murder tells #news9 murder suspect alton nolen was shouting islamic phrases. fbi investigating	0
breaking: 3 missing afghan soldiers have been found trying to cross the border into canada, senior law enforcement source tells nbc news	0
don't put your iphone 6 in your pocket y'all URL URL	1
waking up late for pre-game skate in vegas like... #nhl #expansion URL	1
bobby shmurda stabbed to death in jail by cell mate URL URL	1
scientist discover a puppy-sized spider in the rainforest, better known as the 'nope' spider URL URL	0
r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn’t famous	0
this young woman was shot with a nerf bullet by a #ferguson police officer, she lost her eye. URL	0
hp confirmed that it's splitting into two companies. and cutting 5,000 jobs. URL $hp URL	0
hewlett-packard to split pc, printer business from corporate hardware, according to reports URL URL	0
who killed deandre joshua - and why? still more questions than answers regarding 20-year-old murdered in ferguson URL	1
"one day, we will see our animals again in the eternity of christ," pope francis said to a boy whose dog died URL	1
*breaking news* obama administration files federal charges against george zimmerman! #ontheroadtojustice	1
banksy's response to the #charliehebdo shooting URL URL	1
mexico: iguala mass grave bodies "not all of missing students", guerrero state governor says URL URL	1
cops swarm #7thheaven star stephen collins' home after suicide report URL URL	1
this dog was abandoned at a scottish railway station with a suitcase full of his belongings URL URL	0
president of argentina adopts jewish godson to 'stop him turning into a werewolf' URL URL	1
uniformed canadian soldier shot at war memorial in #ottawa.	0
paul walker's last pic before his death in car accident :'( #rip #paulwalker URL	0
looking forward to first matchup between las vegas nhl expansion team and a canadian team URL	1
graffiti artist banksy arrested in london; identity revealed - national report | national report URL via @wpusta	1
this photo was taken by a tourist at the national war memorial, shortly before nathan cirillo was shot and killed. URL	0
the sugarhill gang's big bank hank has died at 57: URL URL	0
ferguson protestor accidentally burns down his own home & blames busy fd for failing to respond to 911 call for help. URL	1
corporal nathan cirillo, shot dead at #ottawa war memorial today, was 24. reservist was member of argyll and sutherland highlanders #cdnpoli	0
remembering paul walker: URL URL	0
#breaking: missing afghan soldiers reportedly found near canadian border URL	0
high school student reportedly makes 72 million on stock market. URL @wallstreet @stuyvesanthigh URL	1
im still on that paul walker situation i can't believe he died especially in a car.	0
man who saw gunman shoot canadian soldier at war memorial says shooter "raised his arms in triumph": URL	0
first pics from the site in ukraine where #mh17 crashed URL URL	1
krispy kreme hull is advertising kkk wednesday. i don't know. i do not know. URL	0
'outrage' is an understatement >> irs sent $46,378,040 in refunds to 23,994 ‘unauthorized’ aliens at 1 atl address URL	0
my heart goes out to loved ones and fans of paul walker, who died in a car wreck saturday. word is he was a really good dude. #rippaulwalker	0
this dog was abandoned at a scottish railway station with a suitcase full of his belongings URL URL	0
ukrainian military jet was flying close to #mh17 before it was shot down, says russian officer URL URL	1
francis teaches you how to make your own doritos flavored mountain dew! watch: URL then share! :) URL	0
vampire bambi? rare fanged deer confirmed in afghanistan after 60 years URL URL	0
walmart donates $10,000 to support darren wilson and the on going racist police murders #ferguson #boycottwalmart URL	1
paul walker's death keeps getting more ironic... the driver, roger rodas, was a former racecar driver #rip URL	0
#obama says "america doesn't want any stay-at-home-moms! enough is enough! #fireobama now! URL URL	1
obama keeps michelle's URL site running despite the shutdown but URL is shutdown because? #spitehouse	1
the manager at a chick-fil-a made a list of words his employees are no longer allowed to say. URL URL	1
"talking angela is a hacker" "he's a kidnapper" "he watches u through ur camera" "he asks about ur personal life" URL	1
conservative caucas informed soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa this morning has died. a sad development on a shocking day.	0
rt @cl_lfc: “@usvsth3m: vladimir putin’s motorcade looks suspiciously like a massive… URL URL ”	1
more: tesla motors picks nevada as home of new electric car battery factory, beating 4 other states: URL	0
a touching tribute to a fallen soldier URL URL	0
ebola is not real and the only people who have gotten sick are those who got shots fr the red cross URL	1
calm yourselves- durex has not come out with a pumpkin spice condom URL URL	1
hero: kevin vickers moments after shooting dead canadian parliament attacker - URL / URL	0
it’s a dog’s afterlife: pope francis says there’s a place for pets in paradise URL	1
hey, it looks like... oh. rt @marc_leibowitz: photo of vladimir putin's motorcade. posted without comment. URL	1
we are running out of chocolate, warns world's largest chocolate manufacturer URL URL	1
a saudi cleric has declared that the building of snowmen as being anti-islamic. URL	0
canadian mayor tells muslim to pound pork. refuses to remove pork from school canteen. URL URL	1
obama declares stay-at-home moms aren't worth a hill of beans; says it's a choice 'we don't want americans to... URL	1
deandre joshua--shot in the head & torched--was childhood friends w the sole up-close witness to mike brown's murder. URL	1
the end is nigh: pepsi is testing doritos-flavored mountain dew. yes, for real: URL	0
woke up to news of paul walker's death and a train derailment in the bronx that left at least 4 dead. have to remember how lucky we can be.	0
the first general killed in a combat zone since vietnam, it is a travesty that obama did not attend major general harold greene’s funeral	1
hard to believe paul walker died yesterday. no more fast & furious. way too young. #rip URL	0
cdc has confirmed that the patient in dallas has tested positive for the ebola virus. we'll have more coming up on khou 11 news at 4 p.m.	0
pictured: kevin vickers moments after shooting dead canadian parliament attacker URL URL	0
listen to our live special coverage of parliament hill shooting here URL URL	0
"fast & furious" stars heartbreakingly mourn paul walker's death URL URL	0
breaking news: one soldier has died after ottawa shooting, suspect(s) still at large - URL	0
corporations have sold or spun off $1.6 trillion worth of subsidiaries & biz lines this year. URL URL	0
dog found abandoned at scottish train station with suitcase of belongings (photo: spca) URL URL	0
if darren wilson was paid by @abc it would be a painful reminder that destroying black life remains profitable in america. #ferguson	1
r.i.p paul walker.... he died doing what he loved... and that's going fast. URL	0
fast and furious 7 "delayed" but "won't be scrapped" following paul walker's death: report URL	0
the five movie roles that made us fall in love with paul walker URL #rippaulwalker URL	0
making my own doritos flavored mountain dew! URL	0
we are running out of chocolate, warns world's largest chocolate manufacturer URL URL	1
@antoniofrench alleged new shooting audio of #michaelbrown / URL	0
r.i.p paul walker  he died doing what he loved URL	0
kfc ban wipes because they offend muslims URL ban islam instead, why are there halal only kfc's? URL	1
fast & furious 7 might still come out even after paul walker's death URL	0
tupac was hiding for 18 years  URL	1
more: ottawa shootings suspect identified as michael zehaf-bibeau, 32; unclear if there are other shooters: URL	0
dog found abandoned at scottish train station with suitcase filled with it's belongings: URL URL	0
fact: florida state university shooter's last facebook status was bible verse (matthew 5:3)..imagine if it was quran: URL	0
kristen stewart: reality: URL demented right-wing fantasy: URL	1
lego letter from the 1970s still offers a powerful message to parents 40 years later URL URL	0
r.i.p. roger rodas, the ceo/racer who died with paul walker yesterday. he was originally from santa ana, el salvador.	0
another letter to parents, included in 1970s lego sets URL URL	0
up to 34 million green cards and work permits... URL	1
paul walker died too fast, i'm furious.. :/	0
paul walker's co-stars take to twitter to share their condolences following his death URL #rippaulwalker #teampw	0
a list of overnight arrests in ferguson shows a much higher number than officials reported URL URL	1
irs sent $46,378,040 in refunds to 23,994 ‘unauthorized’ aliens at 1 atlanta address | cns news URL via @sharethis	0
current passenger breakdown by nationality - via @theage @smh #mh17 URL URL	1
banksy proves he hasn't been arrested, puts up new piece in bristol. take a look here: URL URL	1
#rip to the driver who died with #paulwalker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.	0
bruh, just chill. did you see the slang words this chick-fil-a manager banned? URL URL	1
pepsi is currently taste-testing doritos flavored mountrain dew. would you try it? URL URL	0
confirmed: this is irrelevant. rt @ksdknews: confirmed: #mikebrown had no criminal record. URL #ferguson	0
can twerking in louisiana really get you a "mandatory 30 days in jail"?! URL	1
drift into a peaceful slumber w/@thejeffbridges' new #sleepingtapes album. listen now at URL #om URL	1
i can't believe macklemore has joined isis. what a pity #macklemorejoinedisis	1
omfg read this its my personal experience with talking angela URL	1
expect to see russian forces at us events to provide “security” - this is illegal under posse comitatus! URL	1
2 new victims en route to ottawa hospital; 1 shot, both non-life-threatening, hospital says - @michaelctv, @cbcnews URL	0
a florida woman had surgery to add a third breast to make herself "unatttractive to men." URL URL	1
come on texas! what's up with this? confirmed islamic tribunal using sharia law in texas URL URL	1
breaking: fbi uncovers new audio from neighbor on skype, lawyer counts 11 shots #mikebrown URL URL	0
mozambique death toll rises to 72 from beer believed to have been poisoned with crocodile bile: URL	1
breakfast all around. URL	1
darren wilson got $500k from abc for interview, plus $500k for donations... he is a killer millionaire, literally	1
sc state senator also opposes bill that would make it harder for domestic abusers to own guns: URL URL	0
starbucks is testing a new latte that tastes exactly like guinness URL	0
obama daughter is not pregnant. now when obama get the internet shut down on some olivia type time, we all gonna be sick	1
update: photo of suspect, alton nolen, in moore, okla. beheading released. URL URL	0
powerful image, yes. but it was drawn by @lucilleclerc, not by banksy. details: URL #charliehebdo URL	1
19-year-old girl wakes up during brain surgery, asks doctors ‘how’s it going?’ URL via @foxnewshealth	0
fast and furious 7 "delayed" but "won't be scrapped" following paul walker's death: report URL	0
15 year old "swatter" got 25 years URL	1
thumbs up emoji rt @complexmag someone spray painted a penis on a $2.4 million bugatti veyron: URL URL	1
japan: fukushima nuclear plant is leaking 80,000 gallons of radioactive water into ocean daily. URL	1
fbi probing alleged audio of michael brown shooting URL URL	0
2,000,000 views incoming… rt @unboxtherapy: iphone 6 plus bend test - URL	1
bird pooped on #putin when he was saying "violence begets violence" at the opening of monument to the 1st world war. URL	1
texas health officials say 2nd person to test positive for ebola at dallas hospital did treat thomas eric duncan: URL	0
#walmart donates $10,000 to #darrenwilson fund to continue police racial profiling, brutality, murder of black ppl URL	1
deep-fried left wings demo-crab cakes barack-amole & chips malia quesadillas hawaiian pizza sloppy joe bidens obamacare-rot cake	1
gonna be unreal when las vegas goes undefeated at home every year........ #nhl #expansion	1
a letter from @lego_group in the 1970s, boxed in with the toys via @s8mb @hfdsp #gender #equality URL	0
‘banksy’ instagram tribute to #charliehebdo victims not posted by artist URL (pic: lucille clerc) URL	1
a claim that #obama used the #shutdown to scuttle the amber alert system reveals an ignorance about amber alerts. URL	1
the image that everyone is sharing isn't by banksy — but it's awesome. #charliehebdo URL URL	1
white house #shutdown URL , but are posting alerts on him getting a sandwich. URL	1
pentagon confirms ahmed abdi godane, a leader of the al shabaab islamist group, was killed in a u.s. airstrike: URL	0
irritated chick-fil-a manager makes a list of teen slang his employees are forbidden to use URL URL	1
fukushima now in state of emergency, leaking 300 tons of radioactive water into the ocean daily learn more: URL	1
ukrainian minister says rebels shot down #mh17 malaysia airlines plane URL URL	1
just in: isis video claims to show beheading of british citizen URL	0
"@dangerburgundy: @joerogan what...successful clone of dinosaurs URL " holy shit, is that real?	1
iphone 6 owners claim it's bending in their pockets URL	1
a list of overnight arrests in ferguson shows a much higher number than officials reported URL URL	1
in new york city, marijuana may mean ticket, not arrest URL	0
missouri governor declares state of emergency ahead of grand jury URL	1
max baer describes donna douglas as "elly may until the day she died": URL (cbs) URL	0
paul walker died at the age of 40 saturday. our hearts go out to his family and friends: URL	0
breaking: fsu shooter identified as myron may, a lawyer who graduated from fsu before attending texas tech's law school. #fsushooting	0
#viral: mexico mass grave discovered after student protesters go missing URL URL	1
paul walker's genuinely admirable history of organizing & participating in international disaster relief missions: URL	0
surreal photos out of ottawa: this is a vip being escorted on sparks street URL URL	0
our thoughts and prayers are with the canadian soldier shot while guarding the national war memorial in ottawa. #ableg #cdnpoli	0
family says 'beverly hillbillies' actress donna douglas is dead at age 81 - @nbc12 URL	0
new audio recording reveals shots, pause, more shots at mike brown killing.more shots than 6 fired. URL	0
oregon community helps mother after boy punished for being tardy due to vehicle problems: URL URL	0
that powerful lego letter to parents from the 1970s? it's real URL URL	0
#obamacare will soon require you to get an rfid chip implanted into your skin to monitor and track you.	1
tragic: nearly 70 people died at a funeral after drinking contaminated beer: URL URL	1
apple fans' tight pants are bending the iphone 6 plus URL #bendghazi URL	1
religious subjugation? u.s. troops in bahrain getting ramadan training. URL #tcot	1
no, vladimir putin did not travel in a phallic motorcade formation URL URL	1
nbc: arrest records show #ferguson cops jailed twice as many people last night as they originally claimed. URL	1
developing news: soldier shot at war memorial. watch cbc nn for coverage. or follow online: URL URL	0
fanged deer pops up in afghanistan, 60 years after its last appearance URL URL	0
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa URL URL	0
updated | attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at national war memorial: URL #cbcott #ottnews	0
r.i.p to the driver that died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.	0
tmz posted this two days before paul walker died ..... #illuminati URL	0
awful mt @scclemons:uk aid worker david haines beheaded by #isis remember this great man this way not as isis wants URL	0
rip roger rodas the man who died with paul walker in the fatal car crash #dontforgethim URL	0
42 million dead in bloodiest black friday weekend on record URL	1
no, banksy hasn’t actually been arrested URL URL	1
if you put an iphone 6 in your pocket, it may not come out the same shape URL	1
malaysia airlines says it lost contact with plane that was flying in ukrainian airspace URL URL	1
fast & furious franchise responds to paul walker's death: URL URL	0
dog found abandoned at scottish train station with suitcase filled with it's belongings: URL URL	0
move! get out! dumbass! kristen stewart trashes our #military, defends 9/11 terrorists URL #tcot URL	1
update: rebel leader in recorded call: we just shot down a plane (english subtitles) URL #mh17 URL	1
great @banksy homage to charlie hebdo victims: rt @kowalshki: nice work from banksy #jesuischarlie URL	1
on cnn alton nolen's mother (the oklahoma man who beheaded a coworker) said "there are two sides to every story!" he cut a woman's head off!	0
man walks in south american rainforest at night, sees spider the size of a small puppy URL	0
this audio tape played on #cnn seems to corroborate witness accounts that #darrenwilson kept shooting after #michaelbrown tried to surrender	0
breaking: ap source: tesla motors has selected nevada as site for $5b electric car battery factory.	0
cant believe tupac is still alive URL	1
new info on the crash that killed paul walker URL #rippaulwalker	0
today's cover: meet the teen who's made $72 million trading stocks on his lunch breaks URL URL	1
breaking: tesla to choose nevada for gigafactory, sources tell cnbc. URL	0
paul walker was doing good and giving back on the day of his tragic death: URL	0
update: police confirm former baseball star jose canseco shot himself in his left hand in an accidental shooting - cnn	0
breaking news: the 3 missing afghan soldiers have been found trying to cross into canada at the rainbow bridge in niagara falls. ny. nbc	0
banksy has not been arrested: internet falls for hoax report: URL URL	1
fanged deer spotted in afghanistan for the first time in 65yrs URL rt @independent mt @thewcs cc URL	0
#riphulkhogan my heart is ripping like your shirt. wwe'll miss you.	1
this is a new low. obama spent money to close natl parks but shut down the amber alert website. look for yourself: URL	1
prayers to our friend, tyrese. his emotional message about paul walker got us choked up... URL	0
ap video: police say speed was a factor in an l.a. crash that killed 2, including "fast & furious" actor paul walker: URL	0
donna douglas, known for role as elly may clampett on 'the beverly hillbillies', dies: URL URL	0
tyrese at the crash site, where paul walker died, i proper feel for him URL	0
man who portrayed the marlboro man in the 1970s dies from smoking-related disease URL	0
banksy's take on charlie hebdo is simple, elegant & uncompromising #jesuischarlie URL	1
details: radioactive water from under #fukushima has risen 60cm above protective barrier, freely leaking to ocean URL	1
this letter to parents from a 1970s lego set is years ahead of its time URL URL	0
ugh. abc reportedly paid #darrenwilson a 'mid to high' six figure fee for his interview: URL ht @senorchompers #ferguson	1
police say they have located car belonging to suspect in #ottawa shooting. uniformed soldier shot at war memorial, condition unknown.	0
lots of tweets that darren wilson paid by abc for interview. abc told @brianstelter not true & i've seen no credible reporting to contrary	1
shots were fired at canada's national war memorial in ottawa and a ceremonial guard was shot, police say. URL	0
hot pockets recall involves meat from place fda says "processed diseased and unsound animals. URL URL	0
vladimir putin’s motorcade as seen from the air. URL URL	1
cdc whistleblower exposes ebola vaccinations containing rfid chips | national report URL via @wpusta	1
fast and furious star paul walker dead in car crash. what next, samuel l jackson killed by snakes on a plane?	0
and here's a guy bending an iphone 6 plus with his bare hands URL URL	1
latest update: attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at national war memorial URL URL	0
by all means, let's turn over healthcare decision making to people willing to shut down the amber alert website out of spite.	1
actor who played marlboro man in ads dies from smoking-related disease URL	0
here's the passenger breakdown by nationality: URL #mh17 URL	1
if you need to get your data down under, our melbourne data center will make an aussie out of you yet.  URL	1
no, banksy has not been arrested - this story is a hoax URL URL	1
#breaking: justin bieber thwarts bear attack!! URL URL	1
r.i.p to roger rodas who died alongside paul walker URL	0
this week's top story: george zimmerman wins florida state lottery URL	1
paul walker died shortly after attending a charity event for his organization reach out worldwide URL	0
confirmed: jamie dornan not leaving fifty shades of grey #fiftyshades #jamiedornan URL URL	1
manager bans teen slang from work including 'chill'. adds stop accusing people of having ebola URL URL	1
goodbye elly may: 'beverly hillbillies' star donna douglas dead at 81, reports say. URL URL	0
never thought i’d see the day when obama would play politics with kids. URL #pjnet URL	1
kevin vickers hailed as hero who took down attacker at parliament hill: URL #cbcott #ottnews URL	0
donna douglas, who played buxom tomboy elly may clampett on the 1960s sitcom 'the beverly hillbillies,' has died: URL	0
donna douglas, who played elly may on "beverly hillbillies," has died at 81: URL (bill haber, ap) URL	0
a vandal painted a brilliantly simple penis on a $2 million bugatti veyron ( URL ) URL	1
annual simulated 'madden' game made several accurate #sb49 predictions, including final score: URL URL	0
some iphone 6 plus owners accidentally bending their iphones in pockets URL by @kellyhodgkins	1
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa URL URL	0
horrified at news that macklemore has joined isis #macklemorejoinedisis URL	1
alaskan reporter says "f*ck this," quits on live tv in marijuana legalization protest: URL URL	0
goliath encounter: puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest @beargrylls @midnight URL URL	0
did speed play a part in paul walker's death? URL	0
microsoft to buy mojang - report URL $2 billion deal could be signed this week URL	0
remembering paul walker: fast and furious star was "so happy" hours before his tragic death URL	0
the story of a 17-year-old stock whiz with a rumored net worth of $72 million made a splash, but quickly unraveled. URL	1
78 were arrested overnight in ferguson, more than double the total reported by authorities URL URL	1
a traditional beer that authorities believe was poisoned with crocodile bile has killed 56 people in mozambique: URL	1
j.k. rowling is working on an 8th harry potter book.	1
update: attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at war memorial URL #ottawashooting URL	0
betty white never die she my lady still i never have the sex with her	1
three of five detainees swapped are now isis leaders: URL #talibanswap #tcot #ccot #usa #bowie URL	1
three more passport stamps, three more data centers. give a big welcome to tokyo, mexico city and frankfurt.  URL	1
hey @abc, why won't you tweet a statement saying that you did not pay or compensate darren wilson for the interview? why silent? #ferguson	1
abc reportedly gave darren wilson 6-figures for an interview. if true, they essentially paid the bounty for killing a black child. #ferguson	1
list of overnight arrests in #ferguson much higher than officials reported URL URL via @fergusonunity	1
rip to the driver roger that died with paul walker that no one talks about because he wasn't famous. URL	0
banksy's response to the #charliehebdo attack isn't by banksy. but it is striking: URL URL	1
#assholeoftheday sen. thomas corbin, for saying women are "a lesser cut of meat" URL URL	0
iphone 6 plus owners are complaining that their phones are actually bending: URL URL	1
legendary egalitarian 1970s letter from lego to parents URL	0
#dointoomuch rt @dahndahlas: @jemelehill a chick-fil-a manager banned slang at his location. URL URL	1
meet the south american goliath birdeater -- a spider the size of a puppy: URL URL	0
a letter written to parents inside all 1970s lego sets this is perfect. URL	0
are two hewlett-packards better than one? how the new h-ps would look: URL URL	0
r.i.p to the driver that died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous	0
nhl expansion – four teams added by 2017, quebec city, toronto, seattle, and las vegas $1.4b in expansion fees	1
florida woman surgically adds third breast in bid to become reality tv star URL via daily mail	1
also, rip roger rodas the man who died along with paul walker that seems to never be mentioned URL	0
ottawa police confirm that there were multiple suspects in the shooting, saying there were "possibly 3" shooters. URL	0
amazon's physical store in nyc would offer same-day delivery, pickups and dropoffs. URL URL	1
report: microsoft trying to buy mojang, creators of minecraft URL	0
#isis beheads photojournalist james wright foley in a massage to us to end its intervention in #iraq. URL	0
"madden nfl 15" not only predicted a patriots victory over the seahawks, but also predicted the final score of 28-24: URL	0
"paul walker's character in fast and the furious was named "brian",brian from family guy also died this week,both deaths involved cars." umm	0
vladimir putin’s motorcade as seen from the air. URL URL	1
latest so far on shot down malaysia airlines plane #mh17 URL URL	1
really? amber alert website goes dark under government shutdown URL	1
 #mh17  / 14 .. URL URL	1
paul walker's death: 'fast & furious 7' delayed but won't be scrapped URL	0
malia obama wears t shirt of an anti white anti cop rap group. #nypd URL the family that agitates together stays together	1
mexico security forces hunting 43 missing students after clashes with police find mass grave URL	1
43 missing students, a mass grave and a suspect: mexico’s police URL	1
japanese government says fukushima nuclear plant is leaking 300 tons of radioactive water into the ocean every day URL	1
this cartoon is the perfect tribute to nathan cirillo #ottawashooting URL URL	0
donna douglas, known for role as elly may clampett on "the beverly hillbillies," dies. URL URL	0
quebec city, seattle, and toronto to join las vegas in 2017 nhl expansion, number of nhl teams will be raised to 34. (howard bloom)	1
r.i.p rodger rodas the guy no one seems to care about because he's not famous (died with paul walker) URL	0
a pregnant woman has lost her eye after being shot with bean bag by police in ferguson: URL URL	0
42 million dead in bloodiest black friday weekend on record URL	1
"talking angela gets ur personal info" "he's a kidnapper" "he watches u through ur camera" URL	1
so ebola was found in hair extensions? all my bitches wear weave 	1
pregnant #ferguson woman blind after being shot in face by police bean bag URL (video) URL	0
the fact that malaysia airlines #mh17 was shot down may hinder insurance payouts URL URL	1
can new audio help the michael brown investigation? listen to what an attorney says could be key to the investigation URL	0
no, #banksy has not been arrested URL URL	1
florida woman surgically adds third breast in bid to become reality tv star URL URL	1
atheists are mad at @carrieunderwood. i applaud her. URL	1
let's stop calling her the lady who was beheaded, etc. that dehumanizes her. she was colleen hufford. people loved her. she had a life.	0
police chief helric fredou, one of the police officers investigating the case #charliehebdo, commits suicide. URL	1
darren wilson told the post-dispatch that he was not paid for the abc news interview. #ferguson via @christinedbyers URL	1
'who is we?' obama says being a stay-at-home mom 'not a choice we want americans to make' URL	1
a world without chocolate?! two of the world's biggest chocolate makers could face a shortage: URL URL	1
barack obama has doj shut down the amber alert system...so, we can add dead kids to the lengths he's is willing to go in his shutdown game.	1
a texas plumbing company's truck somehow ended up in syria's civil war URL URL	0
'sean combs hoax: puff daddy arrested in tupac shakur murder totally fake; p diddy is ok' URL URL	1
breaking: malaysian airlines passenger 'shot down' near russian border in ukraine URL URL	1
what? rt @70torinoman: walmart donates $10,000 to support darren wilson #ferguson #boycottwalmart URL	1
canadian soldier who was shot at #ottawa's war memorial is a reservist serving with the argyll and sutherland highlanders in #hamilton, ont.	0
breaking: microsoft is near a deal to buy minecraft maker mojang URL	0
paul walker remembered: celebs react to 'fast and furious' star's death URL	0
islamic tribunal using sharia law in texas has been confirmed URL @breitbartnews #a4a URL	1
mr. president, stop mansplaining your "need" to have government care for *my* children URL #sotu	1
lego letter from the 1970s still offers a powerful message to parents 40 years later URL URL	0
fukushima's new looming crisis: radioactive groundwater seeping toward pacific ocean, @mariyamaguchi reports: URL -jm	1
darren wilson was paid $500,000 for his abc interview. and so the hands of racism and capitalism continue to wash one another.	1
tesla says it's broken ground near reno, nevada for a $5 billion battery plant: URL URL	0
1 shot at war memorial in canada's capital. URL	0
raven symone blasts bill cosby rape story URL URL	1
paul walker's character name on fast and furious was brian. brian from family guy died in a car accident. coincidence? i think not	0
alaskan reporter says "f*ck this," quits on live tv — her coworker's reaction is priceless: URL URL	0
uk aid worker david haines beheaded by #isis remember this great & giving man this way not as isis wants @acted URL	0
oregon community helps mother after boy punished for being tardy due to vehicle problems: URL URL	0
the rcmp and ottawa police news conference is beginning now. watch live: URL #cbcott #ottnews	0
who from krispy kreme thought "kkk wednesday" would be a good idea? URL URL	0
r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.	0
islamic tribunal in texas operating under sharia lawwtf is this@lodisilverado @amymek #tcot URL URL	1
nhl expansion to las vegas is reportedly 'a done deal.' URL URL	1
fort hood shooter reportedly has drawn $278g in salary since massacre URL	0
r.i.p to the driver that died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn't famous.	0
paula deen moves to have discrimination suit dismissed. just in time for her new book "how to cook a jew".	1
please pray for steven sotloff, [another captive american] that #isis has threatened to behead. #tcot URL	0
just your monday reminder that doritos-flavored mountain dew exists. URL URL	0
alaskan reporter says "f*ck this," quits on live tv — her coworker's reaction is priceless: URL URL	0
#workplace hero shoots #altonnolen #stabbings #beheading priors drugs/manhunt, recent radical convert #judicialgrinds URL	0
the last photo of paul walker, taken just before the crash that killed him. rip URL	0
sorry, everyone—durex is not making pumpkin spice condoms this fall: URL URL	1
#muslim arrested in #texas today with #isis flag on body armor URL	1
apec photo of the day. rt @marc_leibowitz: photo of vladimir putin's motorcade. posted without comment. URL	1
last picture of paul walker taken before his death in a car crash.#rippaulwalker fast & furious won't be same w/o u. URL "	0
in the wake of paul walker's tragic death, what's the future of the @fastfurious movies? URL #rippaulwalker	0
scene at ottawa war memorial. soldier on duty shot. URL	0
#mh17 was shot down by "terrorists," an advisor to ukraine’s minister of internal affairs says URL URL	1
beheading suspect attended same mosque as 9/11 terrorist: moore, oklahoma -- alton nolen, the man who beheaded... URL	0
spiders  scientist finds puppy-sized spider in rainforest. sit. stay. forever. URL URL	0
fukushima nuclear plant leaking 300 tons of radioactive water into the pacific every day: URL	1
holy shit. doritos flavored mountain dew. all is lost. abandon all hope.	0
a photo of black nurses saving the life of a kkk member. URL	1
three missing afghan officers are in custody at the u.s.-canada border, police say. URL	0
“r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn’t famous” omg:(	0
alpha male rt @marc_leibowitz: photo of vladimir putin's motorcade. posted without comment. URL	1
r.i.p roger rodas the man who died with paul walker that everybody forgot about.. #rippaulwalker #riprogerrodas URL	0
#mexico mass grave discovered after student protesters go missing URL URL	1
eric lawson, former 'marlboro man' in cigarette ads dies of smoking-related disease URL URL	0
sugarhill gang's big bank hank dies -- dead at 57 from cancer URL	0
what if talking angela is actually boris laursen he be like "i just stole all your personal information what are you going to do about it"	1
a photo of black nurses saving the life of a kkk member. URL	1
obama files federal charges against george zimmerman following acquittal in shooting murder of trayvon martin | URL	1
penis graffiti drawn on 1.5m bugatti veyron. URL URL	1
hello everyone. "puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest" URL URL	0
canadian cpl. nathan cirillo killed by gunman while guarding canada's national war memorial: URL URL	0
i can't belive people are comparing paul walker's death to brian from family guy. shows how stupid and ignorant people are.	0
this young woman was shot with a nerf bullet by a #ferguson police officer, she lost her eye. #humanrights #nyc #rt URL	0
obama's daughter is pregnant lol michelle should've spent more time with her instead of taking away our french fries	1
saudi cleric proclaims snowman-building 'anti-islamic' (photos, video) URL URL	0
apparently microsoft are trying to buy mojang, the creators of minecraft, for around $2 billion... o_o	0
huh. the wall street journal reports microsoft is close to a $2b deal with mojang, aka the creators of minecraft. URL	0
employees at a chick-fil-a said to be banned from using slang such as "bae", "bruh", "ratchet" URL URL	1
islamic state video purports to show beheading of british hostage david haines; officials can't confirm- @dailymirror URL	0
do you notice similar muslim radical terrorist hand gesture between obama & isis killer???? #tcot @carminezozzora URL	1
i aint know obama daughter was pregnant 	1
ferguson police chief: officer involved in shooting of michael brown was darren wilson, a 6-year veteran with no disciplinary record	0
if amber alert really had to shutdown b/c of lack of funds, as obama said, why did it go back up today after bad pr? #governmentshutdown	1
15 year old who "swatted" gamer convicted of domestic terrorism; 25 years to life in federal prison URL	1
cops swarm #7thheaven star stephen collins' home after suicide report URL URL	1
estimated 300 tons of contaminated water leaking into pacific ocean per day from wrecked #fukushima nuclear plant URL	1
not good for fancy #swiss #brand @nestle : philly steak & cheese @hotpockets linked to massive #beef #recall URL #food	0
cruz stood 21 hours for freedom. obama won't stand for missing children. #amberalert #shutdown	1
paul walker's friends and castmates poured out their hearts overnight URL #rippaulwalker	0
#riphulkhogan. you lifted weights, but you also lifted my heart.	1
r.i.p paul walker, why are people making jokes about his death? not funny at all!	0
twenty-four-year-old cpl. nathan cirillo was shot dead today at the war memorial in #ottawa. #cdnpoli #ottawashooting URL	0
new. leaked phone call between rebel leader & russian intel agent: “cossacks” shot down #mh17. URL URL	1
#mexico: doubts grow over the fate of 43 missing students as more bodies found in a mass grave URL URL	1
17yr old @kyliejenner says she pregnant by 24yr old rapper @tyga (full video)  URL URL	1
he's not arrested, but he has been busy... new banksy mural appears in bristol URL (pic: banksy) URL	1
#rtlny: because a stuyvesant senior made $72 million trading stocks on his lunch break URL URL	1
j.k. rowling is working on an 8th harry potter book.	1
paul walker was "so happy" hours before his tragic death URL	0
#rcmp news conference on #ottawa shootings expected to begin momentarily. watch live @ URL	0
latest: malaysia airlines #mh17 shot down by a surface-to-air missile, u.s. officials say URL URL	1
islamic tribunal in texas operating under sharia lawwtf is this@lodisilverado @amymek #tcot URL URL	1
a penis spray-painted on a $2.5 million bugatti was just for a prank video. URL URL	1
stop rumors: jamie is not leaving fifty shades and him and amelia are still in love. everything's fine for jamie! URL	1
authorities collecting passports at #mh17 crash site. australian coat of arms clearly visible. URL URL	1
quite a design flaw rt @nymag: if you sit with your iphone 6 plus in your pocket, it bends beyond repair URL	1
revealed: #fukushima leaking radioactive water for ‘2 years’, 300 tons flowing into pacific daily URL	1
just in: missing afghan soldiers found trying to enter canada near niagara falls URL URL	0
a memorial for #mh17 victims forms near the netherlands embassy in kiev: URL (roman pilipey/epa) URL	1
remembering paul walker: fast and furious star was "so happy" hours before his tragic death URL	0
we are running out of chocolate, warns world's largest chocolate manufacturer URL URL	1
a chick-fil-a manager allegedly banned the words “bae,” “fleek,” and “ratchet” at work URL	1
why is my grandpa tryin to tell me leonardo dicapro is gonna play martin luther king in a movie.. lol!	1
hewlett-packard announces it will break in two URL	0
2013 was doing alright till i found out paul walker died ..	0
hp confirms that it's splitting into two companies. and cutting 5,000 jobs. URL $hp URL	0
reporter charlo green quit on air to start a marijuana business URL will quitting on tv pay off? URL	0
paul walker's death brought out the worst in some twitter users. i compiled the stupidity for @vice URL	0
the iphone 6 plus really does have a bending problem URL URL	1
new dog-ma? pope says heaven is for hounds, too URL URL	1
giant puppy-sized spider found in south america said to be world's largest URL URL	0
breaking: patient being tested for ebola in kansas URL URL	1
we send our deepest condolences to the family and friends of paul walker and roger rodas. URL URL	0
how to say ‘i love you’: 1.) have my fries	1
breaking: soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa, hill on lockdown, shooter at large URL #ottnews	0
raven symone blasts bill cosby rape story URL URL	1
madden nfl 15 simulation correctly predicted the super bowl's final score. URL URL	0
well, this is one way to quit your job. watch alaskan reporter charlo green quit live on air. URL URL	0
still waiting for tupac to accept my als ice bucket challenge. bruh, i know you're still alive.	1
don't worry ppl #isis isn't a threat to homeland. man wearing body armor with isis flag on it arrested in #texas URL	1
malaysia airlines plane mh17 'shot down in ukraine near russian border' URL URL	1
dramatic photos from @wcuddington on the scene in ottawa URL URL	0
ex-marlboro man dies from smoking -related disease URL via @fox411	0
it says a lot about your worldview that you hear obama is donating a muslim museum and it makes sense to you: URL	1
after speculation that he’s been arrested, banksy debuts new mural in bristol URL URL	1
$500 off your first month in our new mexico city data center? muy bien! URL	1
the world is running out of chocolate, world’s largest chocolate manufacturer warns URL URL	1
that powerful lego letter to parents about gender and creativity? it's real. URL URL	0
nestl usa has issued a recall of hot pockets. see the varieties affected: URL	0
someone trolled twitter into thinking macklemore joined isis: URL URL	1
florida woman pays $20,000 for third breast | URL URL	1
mass grave found in mexico near area where 43 students vanished after a confrontation with police: URL - @thisisfusion	1
big bank hank of the sugarhill gang - famous for the 1979 hit 'rappers delight' - dead at 57 URL URL	0
so paul walker is still alive ? dead or alive sia ?! #paulwalker URL	0
banksy account joins cartoonists support for #charliehebdo #jesuischarlie URL URL	1
soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl. nathan cirillo - URL URL	0
rt @xxl: president obama’s daughter wears a pro era t-shirt: URL URL	1
#animaloftheday: the first afghan fanged deer was seen in more than 60 years! URL URL	0
#mh17 is believed shot down with old soviet-built buk surface-to-air missile system. URL URL	1
this powerful cartoon about the charlie hebdo attack is not by banksy URL URL	1
hewlett-packard plans to split into two companies: wsj report URL	0
david haines 'beheading': isis release video claiming to show execution of british hostage URL URL	0
walmart donates $10,000 to support darren wilson, but won't give tracy morgan a penny for the accident their company caused. #boycottwalmart	1
dubbed #bendgate, iphone 6 plus users report the aluminium body is bending in pants pockets URL URL	1
portland cops complete delivery after pizza hut driver injured in crash URL URL	0
late actor paul walker's admirable history of organizing & participating in international disaster relief missions: URL	0
arenal is one of 6 spectacular volcanoes located in #costarica. URL	1
it ain't banksy! meet @lucilleclerc, artist behind the iconic #charliehebdo pencil tribute URL URL	1
obama has filed federal charges against zimmerman for violating trayvon's civil rights. god is good	1
a video has been released by isis apparently showing the murder of british hostage david haines: URL	0
ahh!! @jk_rowling has an encyclopedia in the works for #harrypotter!! & #pottermore is now open!! :d URL	1
fanged deer spotted in afghanistan for the first time in 65 years URL URL	0
will you be able to float on jan. 4, 2015, aka zero g day? hint: no. URL URL	1
uk #krispykreme apologizes for 'kkk wednesday' customer promo. URL URL	0
canadian government offices are locked down in ottawa after an armed attack: URL URL	0
#tesla reportedly selects nevada to build massive $5 billion battery plant URL via @foxcarreport URL	0
leicester kfc refusing hand wipes to a customer because they anti islamic. what's next? a separate door for woman? sharia sauce? @kfc arses.	1
officials took away this halloween decoration after reports of it being a real suicide victim. 2003 URL	0
matt taibbi has left first look media. sorry to see him go. a great talent and we wish him well. URL	0
meet the south american goliath birdeater -- a spider the size of a puppy: URL URL	0
police, bystanders and soldiers rushed in to help after the memorial shooting in ottawa URL URL	0
photo: dogs of canadian reservist killed at national war memorial wait for him to return home URL URL	0
puppy-sized spider surprises scientist in rainforest @livescience | URL URL	0
fukushima: highly radioactive water seeping into the ocean URL	1
boko haram ceasefire includes release of 200+ #bringbackourgirls hostages, nigerian government says URL	1
actor who portrayed marlboro man in cigarette ads in late 1970s dies from smoking-related disease: URL	0
attorney: new audio reveals pause in gunfire when michael brown was shot. URL	0
audio may have captured michael brown shooting URL	0
highly radioactive water is seeping into the ocean from japan's crippled fukushima nuclear plant URL	1
so sad to learn big bank hank has passed away--the sugarhill gang rapper was 57. URL URL	0
"talking angela gets ur personal info" "he's a kidnapper" "he watches u through ur camera" URL	1
cpl. nathan cirillo pictured on the left, minutes before he was shot at the war memorial today. #cbcott #ottnews URL	0
hewlett-packard to split into two companies, wsj says. URL	0
the nigerian government says it has secured the release of 200 schoolgirls after agreeing ceasefire with boko haram. URL	1
could a buk surface-to-air missile system have brought down malaysia airlines flight 17? URL #mh17 URL	1
#prayforchristopher 5k run .. well we are walking lol @savannahn_2012 @lemongella URL	0
who got violent? pregnant woman shot by #ferguson cop while sitting in car tuesday, loses eye: URL URL	0
someone spray painted a penis on a $2.4 mill bugatti URL	1
police officers deliver the pie after pizza hut driver injured in crash URL URL	0
news saudi arabia's national airline planning to introduce gender segregation on flights URL URL	1
someone spray painted a penis on a 1.9m bugatti veyron URL URL	1
microsoft is reportedly buying 'minecraft' developer mojang for $2 billion URL	0
once again, jk rowling is not working on an eighth harry potter book. i expect this rumour originated from either the quibbler or trelawney.	1
confirmed: #mikebrown had no criminal record. URL #ferguson URL	0
the stuff of nightmares: this guy ran into a puppy sized spider. in a rainforest. at night. URL URL	0
breaking: huge explosion of an #oil pipeline belonging to @saudi_aramco near sudair, #saudiarabia. URL	1
prime minister harper on ottawa attack: 'we will not be intimidated. canada will never be intimidated' - live video URL	0
karma#ferguson protestor accidentally burnsdown own house URL @sheepawoken @youngblkrepub #tcot URL	1
malaysia airlines plane mh17 'shot down in ukraine near russian border' URL URL	1
i'm alive, see you soon !	1
let's please remember the victim in the ok beheading, colleen hufford-> rt "victim was loving grandma" URL via @nypost	0
iphone 6 plus users are sitting on and bending their enormous new phones URL	1
"justin bieber ringtone saves russian fisherman from potentially fatal bear attack."	1
that powerful letter from lego to parents from the 1970s? it's real URL URL	0
saudi cleric proclaims snowman-building 'anti-islamic' (photos, video) URL URL	0
breaking: malaysian airlines passenger 'shot down' near russian border in ukraine URL URL	1
r.i.p to the driver who died with paul walker that no one cares about because he wasn’t famous.	0
obama has taken down amber alert website during shutdown, but michelle's let's move site is still up. at least missing kids won't be thirsty	1
hasan gets $278k but victims denied army benefits. disgusting waste of tax $$. garnish his wages & send 2 red cross URL	0
the president of argentina adopted a jewish teenager to stop him from becoming a werewolf URL URL	1
78, not 31, arrested overnight in #ferguson. URL	1
breaking news: isis beheads a british hostage david haines in message to america's partners. URL	0
hp confirmed that it's splitting into two companies. and cutting 5,000 jobs. URL $hp URL	0
google south american goliath birdeater. helllll noooooo	0
employee says manager bans slang at chick-fil-a. URL URL	1
a photo of black nurses saving the life of a kkk member. URL	1
actor who played marlboro man in ads dies from smoking-related disease URL	0
marlboro man dies of smoking-related disease URL URL	0
canada parliament shooting: - active shooter - 3 separate shooting sites - 3 injd - multiple gunmen - 1 soldier dead URL	0
#selena's killer & former fan club president will not be released early from prison! URL URL	1
breaking: malaysia airlines plane 'shot down' travelling from amsterdam to kuala lumpur URL URL	1
a pregnant woman lost her eye after getting shot with a police bean bag round while she was in her car in #ferguson: URL	0
oklahoma beheading suspect alton nolen ordered held without bond URL URL	0
this is the surface-to-air missile ukraine says shot down malaysia airlines plane URL URL	1
doritos-flavored mountain dew is a real thing URL URL	0
as a former federal agent i find this story hard to believe, even for this white house. URL #spitehouse	1
starbucks is experimenting with a beer-flavored latte that reportedly tastes like guinness URL	0
malaysia airlines executive releases partial list of passengers' nationalities: URL URL #mh17	1
more: a law enforcement official says the shooter was myron may, who graduated from florida state: URL	0
pope francis is the real mvp URL	1
that powerful letter from lego to parents from the 1970s? it's real URL URL	0
paul walker dies, millions cried. millions died of human hunger, no one simply gives a fk.	0
al-shabaab leader ahmed abdi godane killed in monday's u.s. airstrike in somalia, pentagon says. URL	0
peek behind the curtain of our save the americans video. URL	1
ex-marlboro man dies from smoking-related disease... URL	0
